So, colleagues, hello, hello. So, we have
already turned on, Sasha, so that the sound
of everyone was cut off. Or do we need to
turn on the sound attrubation? Welcome,
welcome, colleagues, Sasha, if you hear my book,
tell me how we are there with the sound. Do
I need to, by the way, or do I need to be
an organizer, if not, okay.
Yes, I turned everything on, I wrote to you too.
Everyone is silent.
Oh, Moscow on the line. Pavel, hello. The
sun is so bright that if I get closer, look
how shiny it is. ****, it's amazing. Hello,
hello, colleagues. Eight minutes. Let's start now.
Andrey, hello. Cheboksary, hello. Write. Here
we have Zoom infrastructure. We have
a chat. Here somewhere you will write the
word chat.
Who didn't use Zoom, click on the word chat
and write, Yura Stepanov, Troitsk, hello.
You won't mind if we're a little bit at home,
the atmosphere will be normal. Let's, while
we're connected, good afternoon, Vasily Chelyabinsk,
Chelyabinsk, hello, hello. How are you today,
more at home or more at...
Academic. What do you want? All the same.
I got you, Pavel. Excellent. Good. Good.
The main thing is information. By the way,
ask. Ask questions. Write in the chat. What
do you want me to tell, suggest, highlight today?
Home, academic. Accepted. Good. Connect,
colleagues. Hello everyone.
Сейчас мы начнем с вами буквально через...
А сколько? Через... 7 минут мне пишет. Накидывайте
вопросы в чат. Так, Наталья, Санкт-Петербург,
любой формат. На радость и успех. Принято.
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, everything is short as usual. Cool!
So, put the questions in the chat. So, the
question is 65 square meters in the new ЖК.
Sending in 2027. What will be the recommendations
for the launch? What can be done already now?
Pavel, the classics of the genre, right? Nikolay,
hello. For beginners, there will also be basic terminology.
There will be basic terminology for beginners.
So, 10 ,000 inhabitants are planned, great,
great. So, look, well, in practice, what can
we do to inform that we have some kind of miracle,
miracle, divine in terms of real estate, right?
Charge Avito and Cyan in full, again, what city,
district, region, I don't know.
and charge the managers of the agents who
are in charge of renting. That's it. It's
just that in our model we don't walk like
that at all. We don't have an object who would
rent it. We don't buy an object until we know
who to rent it to. That is, we buy an object
on a technical task at the request of a federal renter.
But if it happened in life that there is something
that needs to be rented,
I would sincerely, from the bottom of my heart,
in practice, share what I would do. I would charge,
already bought, excellent, 10 residents, excellent.
I would always parallel the task, I would
charge the information space and about the
fact that, well, in short, avitatsan to the maximum,
agents to the maximum. And I would not refuse
to sell.
Why? I'll explain. Because in practice, there
were a lot of cases when people bought and
bought for their own business. Therefore,
if the object, for example, does not give up,
it is not a fact that it will not be sold.
Or it does not give up as well as it would like.
Therefore, I will not suggest some kind of
magic here. In my opinion, it does not exist.
But to charge the agents of Avid and Cyan
as much as possible, who are engaged in lending
and renting,
It's possible. So, I see that Nikolay, Ivan,
the microphone is a little turned on. Sasha,
are we all definitely cut off? Is the function
of **** turned on? So, well, at
the entrance, all the sound turns off. Look,
I just don't have control now, you have control now,
that's all. In addition, so, now I'll press participants.
So, by the way, I can only be an organizer.
I need the organizer's key, 610 digits, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah. Or do you write the
organizer's number?
And now look at the face. I'm authorizing myself.
Moment. So, now, colleagues, while we're here,
come in, tune in, and I'll try to do some
magic here. So, I'll go into the face now.
Now, colleagues, we just had three minutes
of readiness. So, it remains to go into the face.
So, I'll throw it out again. Oh, it's loading something.
Moment. I see 83. Yes, it's me. 83.
Yes, it's me. One more time. What else does
it want from us? I'll
write more now.
Oh, come on, Lezhenka, that's it, it worked.
I see, it's loading, it's loading. Now, colleagues,
we will do magic here. A little more.
For now, write questions in the chat, throw
in what you want to discuss.
It will be cool if you write specific questions.
With what request, with what question you came.
We are in the process of today's and tomorrow's day.
We will discuss it all with you. So,
I have numbers here. Three numbers came, Sasha.
So if they load you, write which one to click.
So, Nikolai, turn off the microphone, please.
Nikolai, here's the camera. Hello, hello.
Yes, while we're here, it's... That's it,
thank you. Fire. Yes.
Yes, hello. Here, I'm telling you. Elena,
we can hear you. Well, let me just... Elena...
We can hear you. The main thing is that you
don't say anything intimate now. And then
we'll regret it all together. Well, have fun.
I sent the code of access now for the organizer
to see. So, Sasha, a moment. Oh, I see. So, commands...
So... Chat... Oh, no, not chat. These are
our participants. Become an organizer. Command-V.
Request. Request... Oops. The key you entered
in the organizer is invalid. Sasha doesn't
want to do something. She doesn't
want to either.
So, I just want to turn off the sound for everyone,
and this function of **** is only with the organizer.
Elena, your sound is on. Oh, the GAP Academy
is now the organizer. Come on. Participants.
No. Participants. Oh, now I am
the organizer. So, participants, additionally.
Hello everyone!
So, colleagues, I imagine... Dmitry, who are
you hiding from? Turn on the video. Sorry.
At the beginning, while you were not there,
I said, let's do it more at home today. I'm
in the office, for example, you see. I thought
to sit down and show you a beautiful picture,
just as beautiful, right? Like this. But my
sun shines too much in my face.
That's why I say, let's do it at home today.
I'll show you, for example, while my colleagues
are all joining me, I'll perform at the warm-up,
like Basta. I'll show you, I showed you today,
here's such a tree. You can see, Egor, wait,
wait, I'll bring it to you. This is a lemon.
This is a lemon tree, this is our gift to
our youngest daughter for her birthday. Her
birthday will be on the 29th. That's why I'm
here today, Egor, on such a home vibe.
I asked, colleagues do not mind, they say
the main thing is to be informative and useful,
and so at least **** dance. So, I present
to your attention colleagues Egor and the
head of the Sales Department of the Academy
of Ready-to-Lend Businesses, and today we
will be reporting together for the first time.
Yes, Egor? Yes, thank you for introducing.
Well, let's warm up for a couple of minutes,
because I see that we have 50 participants
in total, we will wait until everyone comes,
just a couple of minutes.
I will tell you about the rules of our today's broadcast.
Everything is very simple. Dmitry will now
launch the presentation. It will be for an hour,
two, maybe three, depending on how many questions
you have. We have, as always, as on all training events,
there is one single important rule. Consider
that this is a user agreement.
If at some point you have a question, then
you need to write it immediately in the chat.
Do not wait until we get to the appropriate
topic for this. Immediately write it in the chat.
At the end there will be a section question-answer,
where we will answer all the questions.
Questions can be asked in the chat, I will
write them out, at the end I will read them
all to Dmitry, he will answer them all. And
in the same way, if you have a desire, you
can also ask a question by voice, when we
reach the section of questions-answer, pay attention,
at the bottom of the Zoom there is a button
to raise your hand, press the button to respond,
then the button to raise your hand. We see it,
Dmitry turns on the microphone for you, and
you communicate live, ask questions, discuss
the topic that interests you.
Well, come on, I give you the word, run the demonstration,
we are already the third minute, who is late,
who is late, so let's start. Well, let's run Kraken,
I'll turn on the presentation. So, now colleagues,
slideshow. So, look, Egor, can you see the presentation?
Colleagues, can you see? Yes, I can see everything,
I can hear you perfectly.
So, great, then I'll put our story here. So,
let's get started. Egor, then pick up, comment,
interrupt. Colleagues, too, write, ask questions,
ask questions, so that you get the maximum benefit.
What I promise, I have been doing this for
18 years, the last ones. And something tells
me that if you don't like some business, action,
you're unlikely to be able to do it for 18 years.
And I'm not tired of doing a ready-made rental
business for 18 years. Therefore, in addition
to experience and practice, this is even,
in fact, you know, from...
............
I don't have any experience. That's why I replace
the word experience with the word practice.
And for me, practice and results are more important.
And how many years have you been doing something?
Maybe you've been doing the same thing for
20 years, but there are no **** significant results.
That's why we have 18 years of practice.
today we have a practice with you where I will
try to push everything that we understood
about the ready-made business in the last
18 years in two days so sorry it will be super
concentrated so if something is not clear
do not worry ask there will be a record and
everything will be so let's go so now I will switch
So, look, what do we have planned for two days?
Today we will talk about a step-by-step
algorithm for making a decision on the purchase
of a ready-to-buy business. We will talk
about a step-by-step instruction. I will
give you this instruction on 35 pages and
chew it. So do not worry, ask, ask questions.
Second, we will talk about a plan to check
a ready-to-buy business.
and all the documents and stages of why we
do it this way. What I'm going to talk about,
so that you understand, is how I consider,
to this day, every project of a ready-to
-buy business. This is the algorithm I use.
In the past year, I've done 64 deals with
my participation, and each of them was based
on this algorithm. That's why I share my practice directly.
Today we'll talk about the thinking of a federal renter,
And how to buy a ready-made rental business,
which is still in the long run. Here we wrote forever,
reliably, but forever we will also talk about
how much it is forever in years. For the whole life,
for whose life. And already tomorrow we will
talk about the step-by-step plan of a remote transaction,
what I buy.
In general, so that there is an understanding,
if we do not cover something today, do not worry,
we will talk tomorrow, we will have such a session today,
question-answer. In general, we get pleasure,
ask questions, the task is that you leave
with maximum benefit for yourself. So, today,
the algorithm for making a decision on the
step-by-step plan of checking a ready-made
rental business and the thinking of a federal renter.
Again, exclusively from my daily practice,
what I can say and what I want to show. I want
to show you how we make decisions and how
we act step by step. Something will be familiar,
and something, perhaps, even for experienced colleagues,
will be interesting. I'm sure we can please
you today, surprise you, maybe shock some
of you. Let's move on. Look.
We will consider everything that I am talking
about on the example of specific objects and
specific transactions. Now I will tell you
and show you about a specific real estate object,
about a specific transaction that is currently
at the stage of realization.
We have already bought one of the objects
there and have established ourselves with
preliminary contracts of buying and selling.
That is, this is happening right in the mode
of today. I will now tell you everything and
show all the ins and outs, all the history,
all the prehistory. Look, Egor, is it normal?
Can you hear me? Norm? Yes, everything is fine.
That's it. If they start talking or running,
it's okay. Turn it on, interrupt, add, stop,
ask. I don't see the chat yet, so please keep
an eye on it. You don't need to see it yet.
When you get the answer to the question, I'll
read it to you from there. But what if it's
going to be interesting? I don't know, they'll write,
your eye is twitching, your hairstyle is floating,
something like that, you're my **** too. The
hairstyle is not floating, everything is great,
perfect. Let's continue, don't rush anywhere,
we have more than enough time, let's go.
Fire. So, look, we are considering a specific
deal that is now taking place in real-time mode.
That is, this is a deal that now the right
of ownership has switched to one of the objects,
not to all. Now I will tell you. Look, the
active persons of this deal. Here we have Zaur,
Resident Academy. He plays the role of a broker
in this deal. Let me tell you why I highlight
and what roles I highlight in general in all
stages of
In terms of buying and selling, creating a ready
-made rental business, I highlight three pronounced roles.
They are not always directly divided, but look,
there are three roles in my picture of the world.
The first role is a broker. This is a person
who creates a ready-made rental business.
That is, a person who connects a federal renter
with an real estate object.
Investor is a person who sponsors all this event,
all this cuisine. In this deal, Vyacheslav,
he is also a resident of the Academy, is an investor.
And I am an agent in this deal.
Who is an agent? An agent is the one who attracts financing,
that is, money from the investor, to some
real estate object. Let's look at the terms again,
look, to understand each other equally at
the very beginning. What is a ready-made
rental business project? This is a real estate
object on which some federal renter has previously agreed.
Well, for example, they found an object in Samara,
a coin wants to enter it.
And we have a preliminary agreement with the
coin in words or on paper in some way that
they want to go there. And so we buy this object,
rent the coin. This is a project so far, until
the contract is signed.
And the collected gap is like in this case,
now we will consider a specific case, when
Zaur has already offered a collected gap.
Magnit is sitting there for 10 or 15 years,
I don't remember. There are additional tenants there.
That is, I divide it into two parts. The project,
where the tenant is not yet, only intention
is there, conditionally, the monthly flow
is zero.
And the forecast is equal to some number,
for example, 350 ,000 rubles. And the collected GAP.
So, three roles. Broker, investor, agent.
In this deal, Zaur was and is a broker, that is,
he proposed, informed me that
he has such an object. Now we will talk about it.
It was already a ready-made collected GAP.
I offered one of the investors, Vyacheslav,
and now we have a deal in the process. Roles.
Agent, broker, investor. In this case, we
can replace the broker with the author of
the project. The broker can have a whole team,
it doesn't matter. Under the word broker,
there can be at least 10 people working. I call
it the project team. Three roles. Broker,
investor, agent.
Ok, let's move on. Look, how the check was
carried out, how the decision was made, because Vyacheslav,
he too, let's say, in our academy now, in
a good sense, learns the art of investing.
And now we'll see. Look, I'll show you right
now how I got the information. And here, colleagues,
pay attention, I'm sure that many of you will
now recognize yourself in this situation.
I want to demonstrate and highlight what kind
of information I received from Zaur. He wrote
to me, Dima, there is an interesting object,
blah, blah, blah. If you have an investor,
maybe you will buy it yourself. I myself considered
it in the purchase, too. Because I myself
periodically act as a broker and an investor agent.
So, look, now I...
Moment, остановлю презентацию, найду чат с Зауром
и прям вам отлистаю. Заур, Resident Academy.
Ба-ба-ба-ба-бам, так вот. Так, сейчас
я вот отлистаю, где мне он присылал. И вам
момент сразу покажу. Так, так, так, ага, во
-во-во-во-во-во-во. Вот, все. Те-де
-де-де-де.
Here, look, colleagues, I turn on the demonstration
of the screen. Egor, can you see? Now my telegram.
Look, please.
Yes, everything is there. Turn it only on
the whole screen. Everything is super. So,
look. Yes. Here, Zaur writes to me. I'm broadcasting
you right now. Here, with dates, you can see.
Yes, December 6th. Yes. Look. Here, he writes
to me. Dima, this is Zaur. I would like to
talk about one object with a federal agent Magnit.
Map of some 910 ,000 plus 4 % with RTO. It
is necessary to urgently find an investor
for a five-year term of purchase. Yes. The
seller urgently needs money.
The date is December 6, 2025. I write to them.
Hello, Zaur, I'm sending you information about
the project. You can see it now. Rent agreement,
overview, photo, video. So, here we are, cart,
cart, blah, blah, blah. Look, Zaur writes
to me. What's there? Pay attention to what
kind of information comes. In what form did
this information come?
And just look, I'll show you now from what
it is formed here, I will also go to the numbers.
Here, look, photo, video, online issuance,
lease agreement, then numbers, numbers, see
how many pieces of paper, these are paper,
paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper,
I'm listing all of this for you, right? Now
I'm listing, listing, listing. Look, it's
just a fact. Then it's also papers. Then I write,
I need to call EGRN. Further, further, further.
Papers, papers. It's already December 17th.
I need more documents like this. Additional agreement,
contract, additional agreement. Now I'll tell
you why. Look, then I say, you need to request this.
Remember, 6th of December, 18th of December.
What kind of information is coming? GPZU,
witnesses, look, this is all, this is work
with one project.
Let's go, let's go further. I'm listing December 19th.
Here's a video I'm sending. One of the potential investors.
Sent a person, watched. So, they gave a task already.
One million for the city itself. To fix the object.
Here, further, further, further. Let's go.
Here, look. I wanted to show you in what form
the information comes. That is, how the information
is collected. Here, look. We continue to collect,
collect, collect. Here, that's it. I'm listing.
Already January, already the 26th year has come.
We collect. Look, colleagues, here I want
to highlight something. Why do I highlight
three roles? Broker, agent, investor. Because
here I played the role of an agent. It was
my task to collect all this kitchen to offer
an investor and earn money on it.
То есть вот я вам хотел показать, какой объем работы,
мы сейчас прям подетально все это пройдемся.
И я с вами делюсь, я хочу показать, в каком
виде инвестору предлагаю объект я. Да? Вот
в каком виде инвестор, с кем я работаю как агент,
получает информацию от меня. Сейчас я в телеграммчике
опять же найду прям переписку нашу и вам покажу.
Один момент, коллеги.
Don't hesitate to ask questions. So, now I'll
open the chat with Vyacheslav and show. So,
here's the chat. So, and now we... So,
now here's a little bit of... A little bit of... Telegram...
So, now, he may not load me, well, okay. So,
now I'll find you in another form. So, what
would you have formed? So, I have so far,
I forgot that on Telegram you need more. So,
now, here, yeah. Oh, found colleagues. So,
that's it, my cart loaded. Now I'll show you.
So, share, share. So, Egor, look, can you see?
Yes, as usual, on the whole screen. That's it,
can you see? Yes.
Pay attention to what kind of information
I present. I do not have PDF presentations
when I act as an agent. I do not require PDF
presentations from agents.
I demand a description according to this template.
It's convenient for me. Look, this is one
message in Telegram. Well, let's say, in Telegram,
drop Max. Or rather, Max, drop Telegram, right?
One message in Messenger, preferably in Max.
Now, from today. Look.
Вот как я отправил Вячеславу. В каком виде,
да? Во-первых, 10 фотографий и видео.
Вот я прям заморачиваюсь, стараюсь делать так,
чтобы у моего инвестора, когда он отлистает
эти 10 фото и видео, сложилась полная картинка
об объекте, что я предлагаю. Полная картинка,
да? Смотрите, что я делаю.
The first one is a screenshot of the issuance,
the area is 1200, then I scroll. Here I have
a lease agreement from the issuance, just
a screenshot again, that Thunder is renting
from 01.01.2021 to 31.12.2030. That's it.
Well, here are the duplicates, okay. Next,
the GPZU showed, it was still old, that it exists,
that these documents are available.
Next, a photo of what was, a photo of this,
a photo of this, there is a photo of such
a beautiful basin we have. Here, further,
a review video of the second floor. Here,
soon, now we have two, here, look. Now, literally,
let's, two minutes, it will be great, it will last,
look, right? So that the whole picture is formed.
Egor, can you see the video, by the way? Yes,
yes, great, everything is visible. Without sound,
but visible.
That's it, and what else do we need for the audio?
I'm now on the background of the sound, instead
of the sound, instead of the songs. Here,
look, we went down from the second floor,
went out into the street, yes, I asked, again,
I asked, give me at least some kind of video
so that the picture was formed, we remade it.
So, here it is, video, video, here it is,
the facade, here it is, here it is. So, now
I'll show you further. So.
Let's move on. Here we have the second video.
This is the inside of the magnet. I asked
you to come in to at least, well, in a good way,
ideally, the video looks like this for me.
Now, colleagues, while it's going on, I'll
tell you. We go straight in, stand with our
backs to the road with which we came in, turn around,
remove the road, open the door with our hands
and go around the clock tower from left to right.
This is already enough. I would like to have
a picture in my head formed by that person,
by that investor, whom I will offer the project.
Here it is. So, let's move on. And the finale,
here is already a review video from the facade.
That's it. This is already the next project.
Here, look. Pay attention, yes, 10 photos
and videos, confused, and more description.
Let's go. Now I...
This is what the description looks like. Magnet
in the smoke. If we fall here, now I have...
Now I... I have something here again. The
cart is making noise. Now, Egor, my cart...
Oh, now it will periodically fail and the
mouse disappears. Now I... It's because I started
the demonstration.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, I wanted to run through
the description and show the description.
Hey! Yes, tell me about the project numbers,
how much it costs, what is the monthly fee,
how the maps are folded, and so on. Because
we didn't understand what object we were studying at.
Look, now I'll move on to the numbers, I wanted
to show it right in the correspondence. Ah,
there's probably a cart here, something is
being updated somehow. That's it, now I'll
just put this whole description back.
So, now, load, load. There are interesting numbers,
in fact, and now we'll talk about them directly
with you. So, here it is, well, it's hard
for me, colleagues, sorry. We haven't moved yet,
finally. So, that's it, blyakha-mukha, like this.
Yeah, like this. That's it, now it seems to
have worked. Look, share, Egor, here, you
can see it like this, right?
Yes, excellent. And let me try like this.
I'm afraid that if I turn the screen around...
Here, look. Magnet in the smoke. How do I do
the description? If we click, we'll go straight
to the Yandex.Card. Two-story separate building.
Land plot for rent for 49 years until 2069.
Magnet rents since 2021. Every month pays
fixed plus 4.5 % difference between virtual
and fixed. The owner urgently needs money.
The owner is a good friend of one of our residents.
Все документы мы проверили, правовое заключение сделали.
Расходы. Вот смотрите, я сидел и сверял вот
это все, все расходы.
And look, why do I do this? I am very respectful
to the time of the investor, and if I offer something,
it is proven, calculated, recalculated. I write,
land rent is 245 thousand rubles a year or
20 ,500 rubles a month, property tax is 0.5
% of the cadastral cost, the tax is 26 ,250
rubles a month, communal payments are compensated
by the renter, there are extra acts,
We looked at the compensation and checked
the excesses. The manager's salary, the accountant,
the cleaning, the snow. The results per month.
105 ,250. Renters. Magnet. 522 ,450 plus
4 ,5 % from the difference. Important. Here
is an interesting thing from the difference.
Second floor. World of furniture. Darknet.
And so on. Look. Pure. Total. 908 ,932
rubles a month. Pure. Profit from all expenses.
803 ,000.
Here I show you how it looks like. Now we
will analyze this preliminary legal conclusion,
a comprehensive report. That's it. And we
have already called and discussed. I wanted
to show you this, the difference in approaches.
Even at this stage, we are now talking about
the investment decision-making algorithm.
But even here, colleagues, pay attention,
it's a real pain.
in the form in which every day I review about
two dozen different projects and the main
pain is that the information about the project
either does not correspond to the reality,
or it is not ready to make a deal now. This
is a sample for you. We will also give you samples,
we will send you these messages, we will send
them to you in the chat.
So, Egor, is everything okay? Before we go further,
let's answer one question from the chat. Don't
open the chat, I'll ask it to you now. It
is about the role of agents, brokers and investors.
Julia asks, is it a broker's duty to offer
interesting objects, or can the agent find
out in the future that the project is not interesting,
while spending time on it, or does the agent
understand the profitability of the project
Can you tell us more about this? Yes. Look,
once again, so that there is an understanding.
A broker is the author of a project or an object.
Here I am acting as a professional agent.
I already understand very well all this internal kitchen.
That is, I understand whether this object
is interesting or not.
And I myself, as an experienced agent, knock out,
I emphasize, colleagues, knock out all the
information from the broker in order to structure
it and pack it into one message. And answering
the question, Egor, that you asked, look,
a professional agent must understand all these
subtleties and nuances. Must. Yes?
Then he will be able to earn more than just
a realtor. That is, here, in fact, look what
I do as an agent. And in general, colleagues,
we will focus our attention on such very important things.
I will explain why they are very important.
Here is what I sold.
I did not sell real estate, I sold information.
And in general, in a ready-made rental business,
we trade information with you. And how competently
I dispose of information, how competently
I pack it, structure it, re-check it, then
move it, sell it, depends on the level of earnings.
Look, I got information from the broker Zaur
that there is an interesting project. How
did I assess his interest? I did not look
at the number of occupations that Zaur told me,
it does not matter, yes, the broker said.
I got information from him.
Does the sound disappear? If the sound is okay,
write a plus. I'm on stable Wi-Fi. Yes, yes,
yes, everything is fine with the sound. Natalia
writes just the question why the sound disappears.
Natalia, try to reconnect, check if the VPN
is turned off and connect via Wi-Fi.
Dmitry, turn off the chat for now, don't get
distracted by the chat. If there are any important questions,
any other moments, I will stop. Let's have
a calm presentation. Look, it turns out, answering
the question, I will answer it extensively.
I, as an agent, must understand all this in
this kitchen. That is, I received the information,
I collected it, processed it, structured it.
And what did I deduce? That for the object,
initially they wanted 50 million, 45. In total,
in general, so that you understand, they traded
up to 35.
For 35 million rubles, the owner receives
a clean map of 800 ,000 plus, 803 ,000. Do
you understand? Is it interesting? I, as an
experienced agent, understand that it is interesting.
I, as an experienced agent, understand that
I can make money on this information. Due
to the fact that I received it, processed
it correctly and sold it to an investor, who
I know has this money.
Everything is clear here? Egor, is it okay?
Yes, super, I answered the questions. So,
let's go back to the presentation. I turn
on the presentation. So, screen demonstration,
share, share, preza. So, look. Now
it's loading. Come on, load.
So, this is what we're going to look at while
the presentation is loading. You can see the
loading on the screen, right? Let's try it again.
Like this, can you see it? Let's do the slideshow again.
So, slideshow.
That's it, it worked. Look, this is how we
rolled out step number one in detail. How
do we study a proposal? I showed you in what
form I received this proposal. This is a batch
of correspondence from December 6 to mid-January.
This is one project. That is, what did I do
during this time? Collected information. Collected,
collected, collected, collected. To then only
offer it. To then sell it. Let's go further, look.
Here I have shown you how I collect
all projects, how I present them to investors.
And when I act as an investor, I ask agents
or brokers to provide me with information
on projects in the same way. It is convenient
for me.
In my picture of the world, a quality object
or project should look like. So that I, having
looked at 10 pictures, I or the investor to
whom I will offer this project, I was able
to make a decision. Look, in general,
this is step number one, but there is step
number zero. Before spending time on a proposal,
we must make sure, in general, once again,
to synchronize with the world. What are we
looking at?
I would look at it under the microscope, if
here in these same figures, for example, there
would be the same city on the smoke, everything
would be the same, but there would be a furniture
store as a landowner.
If 600 thousand came from furniture, I would
not even consider it. I'll explain why. Because
GAP is three factors. Real estate, property,
federal tenant, long-term lease agreement.
Everything else is not up to GAP, semi-GAP,
****-GAP. Do you understand?
Therefore, we work only with federal lenders.
Who is a federal lender? This is the one who
has opened thousands and more trading points
in Russia.
The five is 25 ,000 stores, the magnet is
18 ,000 stores, the coin is 4 ,000 stores,
the Chizhik is 4 ,000 stores from federal lenders,
the Aprel pharmacy is a **** cloud, I don't
know how many, and 10 ,000 they opened, they
are worth 30 ,000, these are federal lenders.
Step number 0. We work and consider only federal lenders.
Step number 2. We are talking about a step
-by-step algorithm of decision-making.
Step number two. Calculation on a napkin.
Our task is to calculate the purchase price.
And look, everything I showed you now, my
correspondence with the broker from December
6 to mid-January, I was actually on step
number two. I collected information to understand
whether it is interesting in numbers or not.
Because, you see, I was declared MAP under
a million. And after that, that is, initially
the offer in the correspondence was higher,
that MAP million, the price is 50 million.
After the check, which I did myself, we will
now again in more detail to analyze. What
I see? MAP 800, the price was traded at 35.
It was later.
Look, we are interested in projects, so that
for simplicity, we have colleagues here with
different levels of subordination and preparation,
we are interested in projects with a payable rate,
which we will calculate on a napkin, up to
80 MAP. What is MAP? Monthly Arrangement Payment,
Monthly Arrangement Stream. If Magnit sits
and pays 600 ,000, then we multiply 600 by 80,
it turns out 48 million.
That is, on a napkin, our gaps should fit
up to 80 maps. Period. That's it. We take
it to work if it fits. If it doesn't fit,
we don't take it to work. I'm telling you
my algorithm. Sometimes we wrote, if necessary,
up to 100 maps. If it's Moscow, the Moscow region,
if it's something like that. But let's better
fix one number in our heads. Up to 80 maps.
If the project is up to 80 MAP, there is a chance
to work with it and make money. Either as
a broker, or as an agent, or if you are an investor,
then this is an interesting project. That's it.
So at least one figure. Fixed. Let's move on.
What I've just told you about. When we work
through the project, it's all step number two.
While we are on the second step, we will learn
about hidden expenses. For example, taxes,
remote service, accounting, snow removal,
land cleaning, etc.
There is also the relocation of accounts.
This is how much it costs. This utilities
is not compensated, not paid. That is, our
task is to dig up to each pillar and really
find out all the actual income and all the
actual expenses. This is a lot of work. In
9 out of 10 cases, what is exposed, what is declared,
does not correspond to reality. And in 9 out
of 10 cases, there are hidden expenses.
Let's move on to step number three. Why do
we work with federal lenders? It's very simple.
Because a federal lender, for example, a five,
has checked its business model 25 ,000 times.
It has tested it, sharpened it 25 ,000 times
in 27 years. And there is only one king of metrics,
the key metric, the main metric of the success
of a product lender. This is turnover.
Look, colleagues, why does any point of trade
in Russia open? Pharmacy, grocery store, zoological store,
alco-market. Why? In order to make certain
normative indicators of revenue. But they
do not open for the sake of killing all the
good and killing all the bad. But they do
not open because of dampness. They open according
to economic indicators.
If the store is trading its normative, it works.
If the store is not trading its normative,
the normative revenue or turnover, it closes.
Everything is very simple.
Therefore, there is only one metric in retail.
We will now dig into the molecule of product retail,
because 90 % of all our business is tied to
product retail in the ready-to-wear business.
And here we look at only one metric – turnover.
Look, turnover in dynamics is important to us.
I will explain why.
Because, let's take the example of the store 5,
or let's take the example of this store Magnit,
it doesn't matter, right? Because there are
so-called seasonal factors in different cities
and regions. Well, for example, the store
is located near the dachnaya massif, summer dachniks.
They appear like snowmen when the snow is falling.
There are a lot of dachshunds, the turnover
is growing. In the winter, on the contrary,
it falls. In the southern direction, in the UFA,
in the southern federal district, in the summer period,
we have a summer sun. Our turnover is high,
in the winter we fall. In the northern regions,
on the contrary, watchdogs, the watch method,
everything related to this, the business,
on the contrary.
winter period grows somewhere, for example,
December is the peak of sales and January
about Sedan somewhere on the contrary, the
first quarter is the peak of sales, so it
is important for us to see how the store feels
in dynamics a full year from January to December
1 water
Подсказки, фиксируйте себе в голове, но у вас
все этой презентацией все будет. Смотрите,
мы здесь написали про 5 миллионов рублей в месяц.
Мы говорим важные замечания, коллеги, мы говорим
про классический магазин пятерочка и магнит,
а классический магазин пятерочка и магнит
это 500, 600, 500, 700 метров.
Plus or minus 500, well, from 500 to 600.
These are classic stores. Please do not confuse
these data with coin numbers. Because the
coin opens from 200 meters, colleagues.
It's okay. It's okay.
Если меньше 5 миллионов, хреново. Я говорю
про регионы, коллеги. Пожалуйста, тоже не путайте,
кто работает там в Москве. Это относится к регионам.
It is important. We look at the earnings dynamics,
whether there is a fall, whether there is
a noticeable decline in the dynamics. And
we make sure, we wrote that the MAP does not
exceed 5 % of the turnover. I'll tell you yesterday,
he calls me on the phone, I rarely talk on
the phone, they don't call me anymore. But
if you don't know the numbers, there is an
anti-spam, and you can see there, they offer
you a loan or something else, usually. And here,
like this, once I take some number.
The man says, blah blah blah, I look, I read,
you have this and that. The point of the question is,
what is it? He says, here we have Gaba. I say,
well, you tell me, I'll tell you right away,
can I help or can't I help? He says, here
in Moscow we bought a shopping center, smashed
it into several cadastres. I say, great, what
do I have to do with it? That is, he says,
what kind of help is needed? He says, you
need to sell. I say, call the number. He says,
well, we have a five.
Map 1 ,980 ,000, we sell for 160 ,000 ,000.
I say, how does he trade? He says, well, now
for 12, for 15 ,000 ,000, for 20 ,000 ,000.
I say, great, I won't take it. He says, why?
I say, I'll explain, look. You, five, pay
2 ,000 ,000 in Moscow.
2 million rubles. The business model of the
five has a metric of 5 percent of the load
from the turnover. That is, she can pay you
a million rubles for rent. Well, in Moscow 6,
okay, we are talking about the region, there
are 5. The load. I say, you see, she can pay
you a maximum of 1 ,200 ,000. That is, she,
I say, well, either you pulled the owl on
the globe,
Well, either the five wrote a letter with
an offer to reduce, or will write after buying
her new owner. I say, your map does not correspond
to the business model of the tenant, so this
is a risky object, I will not take it to work.
Do you understand? A simple metric. Here is
the hygienic base of a professional agent
to know at least this metric.
You have to know how the store is trading.
We will talk about this now, too, about these RTOs.
Where, how, why to extract. Understood, colleagues,
right? That is, if the five trades 20 million,
she can comfortably pay a million. She can
not pay two. Maybe until a while. In six months,
in nine months, in a year, either write a letter,
or eat. Why?
Because it does not correspond to the business
model of the five. That's it. A question from me.
Let's add so that everyone understands. What
does it mean that the five will write a letter?
What is it about? The five will write to you
as an owner a letter, a notification with
a request to reduce the rental rate.
And they will write to us, guys, life is pain,
then everyone dies, there is nothing going
on around, everything is very bad, we made
a mistake, a thousand apologies, reduce our
rent from two to a million and we will remain friends.
And what will happen if you refuse? Here,
how to say, in different ways. Of course,
they write to everyone in practice.
That life is pain and we all die, right? But
if it's really hard for them, if they actually
pay 10%. But if it's really hard for them,
if they have a load of more than 10%, then
there is a high probability that they will eat. Okay.
And that's why when a person says to me yesterday,
Dima, we sell for 160 million, in Moscow everything
is sold for 120 map, and you see what we have,
80-90 maps. I say, so you have an object,
a **** object, you understand. Well, why?
Because you have a five, maybe you already
wrote a letter of happiness or are preparing.
There is a pen, it fills ink. So, let's go further,
colleagues. Look.
We check the status of the tenant. I will
show you a high level of professionalism.
Look. In order to understand, we got...
In our case, Magnit, in our object, Magnit
pays a percentage of the turnover. We collected
all the certificates by RTO. We put them in
the table.
January, February, March, April, May, June,
July, August, September, October, November,
December. And here's what logic I want to
convey to you. Look. After all, in the city
of Nadym, the magnet is not the only one.
There are several more magnets, several five.
Here I am showing you information about
how all five are traded in the city of Nadym.
All five.
And pay attention to this. This is the opening
date of the store. This is the store area.
This is the revenue. January, February, March,
April, May, June, July, August. Look. What
do I see? Why are there zeros here? The store
is closed.
Curious. The five does not close so often.
Yeah, look, that magnet is trading, Egor,
in my opinion, they did not add it to the presentation,
did they? No, they did not add it. He is trading
something like 4.5 million percent, 600 thousand
on average. He is trading something like 12
-15 million per month. Look, what
do I see?
In principle, in Nadym there are bettors who
trade 20, 23, 26, there is also a magnet,
I checked, you know, I'm like, opa, there
is a magnet that trades 30, this trades 12-15,
well, not as if, well, in the framework of Nadym,
yes, compared to other competitors, well,
in principle, not the worst.
But it has been sitting there for a long time,
since 2021. That is, you see, we are looking
at the same metric. Where and how to remove
it is another question, but we make decisions
only on the basis of this metric. Now I will
tell you all this further. Look, that's just
how to find out about the RTO of the store.
Once again, such a part, retail, goods, turnover.
This is how much the store sells per month.
Look, the first one.
If, as in our case, Magnit pays a percent
of the turnover, he has an interesting lease contract,
he pays 4.5 % of the turnover and the difference.
Usually, the federal contracts 4.5 % or 500 ,000,
for example, 350 ,000-250 ,000. If the store,
in the lease contract, has a contract and
it pays a percent of the turnover, then it
sends reports about RTO every month.
Egor, let's see how the BTO certificate looks like.
It will be useful. So, wait a moment, colleagues.
Show the cache. So, now, now, now. Turn off
the demonstration for now. Immediately put
the download file that I sent you. We will
demonstrate it today. This is a legal conclusion
on the object. And after that, open the certificate.
So, now.
Now, colleagues, we are already showing you
in the real mode. While you are looking, I'll
ask you some easy questions. Natalia asks,
judging by the references, well, before that,
the question was asked, is MDS taken into
account or not in RTO? Yes, now I'll answer
one moment. So, I'll show you the references,
I'll show you right away in the real mode.
A lot of time. So, this, this, this, this.
And here they are. Now.
Here, look. So, so, share, share. Here. See
what the reference looks like. See, look.
Let's analyze. Date, 31.07.25. Yes, units,
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah. Look.
Here, see, look, Egor, answering the question.
Here, right in the reference, it says, VALOVY TOVAROOBOROD,
including NDS.
13 ,692. Wallet turnover without NDS. 11 ,893.
Percent. 4 ,5 % they pay. Fixed part of the
auction fee 522. See how the calculation amount goes?
They have 4 ,5 % from turnover
without NDS. But, colleagues, I'll tell you
a huge secret.
Look, even experienced colleagues don't know this,
don't remember, or haven't faced it before.
It's not always that a federal tenant pays
a percentage for NDS. This is a negotiation position.
We have a lot of magnets that pay us our 4,
5, 6 percent from the full turnover without NDS.
Remember, please, that the calculation of
the percentage, or rather the deduction of
the NDS is always a negotiating position.
Always. It is with a five, it is with a magnet.
With a coin, they always deduct. With a five
and a magnet, this is a negotiating position.
Therefore, we can negotiate.
Did you answer? The reference looks like this.
And our task is to collect all these references
and put them in the table so that we have
all this there. So, now I'm closing this.
So, I'm opening this thing, I'm launching
the screen demonstration. So, let's move on.
Are you okay, colleagues? Aren't you tired?
We have 49 minutes. Egor, are you feeling okay?
We just started, everything is fine. Well,
you see. So,
how to find out the RTO of the store? If we
have a store that pays RTO, then it sends
invoices every month. And our task is to get
all these invoices.
A collective farm way to get checks in all
the cashiers, can you imagine? Why collective farm?
Because a guru, a fly, a fly of commerce says,
you need to get checks. Well, you go to the smoke,
collect checks in this store. We were looking
for a cadastral engineer for two months, who
could not get there.
а тут нужно чеки собрать вручную он конечно
же есть но там такая погрешность есть современные
способы но это как знаете это как конспектировать
можно условно сидеть и писать конспект а можно
там аишку включить и она будет транскрибировать
можно так как угодно если магазин
платит фикс не дает проценты не дает справки
по товарообороту
Where to get data from good friends who have
this data? We have data in the academy. Where from?
Well, we live a long time, we have seen a lot.
It's better not to say where from. There is,
there is. Tell us a little more about the
collective farm method, please, so that everyone
understands what it is about.
Look, it turns out there is a check, there
is a check number in the check, yes, it is taken,
but there you need to collect the correct
checks there in the morning, in the afternoon
and in the evening, take into account the
number of cash, know the average check. Well,
that is, you take, for example, you come in
the evening for closing, you look, you have
one cash register in this magnet, and you
have check number 572, there the check number
is written.
And you know the average check of a magnet,
472 rubles, multiply it by the number of the check,
you get an income per day. Then you multiply
the income per day by 30 days, you get an
income per month. Well, it can be easier.
Modern technologies of communication and resources
allow it. It's like, you know, how you can
get to Moscow by horse, I'm from Samara.
Or you can fly it on a plane. Pavel writes
that this is a finger in the sky. Indeed,
this is a way to check with a finger in the sky.
And to get accurate information, you will
really need to come to this five every day,
all 31 days a month, and buy chewing gum at
every cash register in order to then compare
all this information. It's better to just
find a person who knows it.
Write in the chat the number 1 if you heard
about the story that you need to collect checks.
Who heard? Who was taught that you need to
collect checks? Who heard that someone said
that you need to collect checks?
In general, do not do this, it does not reflect
the seasonality, it does not reflect the real position,
the real facts, and you will not be able to
visit there every day, every evening. And
the information will be so distorted and inaccurate
that it is a high risk to just make a wrong decision.
The agent may grab a bad project, and the
investor may buy a bad project simply because
he made a decision on the basis of inaccurate data.
This is not the way to act. Egor, let's make
a control in the head.
Write in chat number two, who heard that to
count traffic, you need to sit with a registrar
and count people from morning to evening.
In pieces, like sheep on heads. There was
such a thing. Yes, Maxim sent two. And a smile
after that. And Marina writes, and Smiley
sends a smiling one. Guys, well, imagine,
right? And the most important thing, you know
how now, you know how now federal lenders
extract data on traffic?
And where from? Well, there are geomarketing services.
Just use Best Place. You don't need anything else.
It's called in English, not in Orthodox, Best Place.
The best place. Do you know where geomarketing
services get data about traffic? They buy
them from network operators. Because we have
these electrical devices for everyone. And
there are SIMs for everyone. Do you understand?
That's it. You don't need to sit with a registrar
in the car. So, let's move on, colleagues. So...
Look, step number one in the legal elaboration
of the object is the preliminary legal conclusion.
Look. So, Egor, should I show our version
of the preliminary legal one now? No, no,
no. Later. We are looking at the very, very end,
at the full, full. We don't need to look at
the preliminary, we are looking at the full
legal conclusion and we'll see when we go
through all the points.
Look, what do we need for what documents on
the real estate object are our hygienic minimum?
EGRN issuance. Colleagues, the issuance is fresh,
not last year, but fresh. It is now obtained
within one minute at state services. The second
is the lease agreement. In this case, I do
not proceed to study the object until I have
a lease agreement.
Why? Because there I will see everything.
And in the list I will see additional agreements
to this agreement, registered, we'll talk
about it separately. While we talk about the
hygienic minimum that we need to start working
with the object. List, lease agreement, technical passport.
Many will say, why the **** do you need it,
I don't have it, I was born without it, you
don't need it for a deal. Yes, we don't need
it for a deal, we need it to make a decision.
And the fourth is contracts with resource
-supporting organizations. This is such a pain
in the ****. This is just, oh, **** it,
this is just a separate department needed
to collect contracts with resource-supporting organizations.
What resources do we have? Look. Electricity,
water supply, sewage or sewage and heating.
Four types of resources, four types of contracts
we need.
If they tell us that we need a contract to
make a decision, because in practice there
were cases when I myself bought real estate
at the same Sberbank, violated our algorithm,
for example, did not receive a contract for
water withdrawal, but thought, well, ****,
this is the department of Sberbank, here is
the toilet, here is the enemy, well, it's
natural that everything is there. There was
no sewage there.
And the cost of the sewage was more than the
cost of the property. Therefore, we must demand
a contract with the resources. In order to
start work, once again, an extract from the EGRN,
fresh, preferably expanded with graphics.
There are two types of extracts. The first
is an ordinary extract, and the second is
an expanded one. It costs 750 rubles. Let's
move on to the next slide. It's just about
the EGRN extract.
Look, yes, we have both standard and extended,
we still require an extended receipt. There
is a graph, this is the outline, these are
just scanned documents according to the technical passport,
which is well scanned and is there in this application.
A receipt with a graph is 700 rubles. Often
we compensate the owner for these 700 rubles,
this is normal.
So, let's move on. What do we look at in the list?
In the list, we look at the owner's right,
the owner, the property, and the presence
of liabilities. There should be a long-term lease.
Lease is a lease. We buy a property leased
by a long-term lease agreement. Globally,
in a ready-to-rent business, we buy colleagues,
we sell two papers. The first paper is a lease,
and the second paper is a lease agreement.
That's why we need these papers. Now we don't
even have papers, everything is in electronic form.
We need a list, we need a lease agreement.
And we need, is it further, Egor, yes? We
study the lease agreement, we look, yes, an
important point. Look, colleagues, what am
I watching? 9 out of 10 agents don't read
the agreement. The lease agreement, it's hard
for me to do it myself. It's big, ****, boring, uninteresting.
But it is necessary. There is such a word,
it is necessary. It is necessary to read the
lease agreement, an important thing. The term
of the lease agreement, the conditions for expulsion,
well, this is a classic, you can, well, for introduction,
right? The most important thing is the term
and indexation.
If in the lease agreement there is a phrase
indexation by agreement of parties, please
remember that this means that there is no indexation.
Often cunning agents and cunning brokers and
cunning investors prescribe in their financial
models and write that indexation will be there
plus 5 % every year. And many inexperienced agents,
brokers and investors deposit this indexation
and consider the purchase of the project taking
into account indexation. Indexation, that is,
the increase in the rental rate, can be of
two types.
Unconditional? And according to the agreement?
If according to the agreement it is equal
to zero. Because in judicial practice, yes,
there is a minimum, and even with red and
white we have tried, but now, for simplicity
of understanding, please remember that the
indexation according to the agreement of the
parties is equal to the absence of indexation.
And unilateral indexation, or unconditional,
is this indexation. Therefore, we need the
lease agreement. Therefore, it is necessary
to read it carefully.
Next, technical passport. We will be told
that technical passport is not needed for
a deal. For a deal it is not needed, that's true.
But we need it to make a decision. And it
is important for us to see what is reflected
in the technical passport. Technical passport
is made on the date of primary, secondary,
tertiary inventory of the object, that is,
installation of it on the cadastral account.
In short, we need technical passport with you.
This is a document in which the layout of
our room is drawn and the room numbers with
their destination are written.
This is called an explication. An explication
is a layout with the rooms' numbers and their destinations.
It says room number 17. There is a layout,
there are rooms' numbers, area, size, height.
And the rooms' numbers have their destinations
written on them. We need it. Let me explain why.
Because it happens that some rooms are, for example,
There are accounting devices, for example,
a heating unit for an apartment building.
And our room, which seemed to us that we have
a single circuit, it should be provided with
unobtrusive access to the management company,
for example. That is, we definitely need a technical passport,
colleagues. Well, plus there we can see later,
on the basis of a technical passport, to understand
how the object should look and compare.
Just a question. Why is it important to check this?
Very simple, because it often happens that
an illegal reconstruction has been made. For example,
here is the entrance, we look at the premises,
there are two entrances, and there was no
right to enter, it was done illegally, it
was not legalized. Or the opening in the wall
was gnawed through in the carrier, yes, in
the apartment building, it was not legalized.
It is not in the technical passport, it is
like a **** in the DMB. You see a ****, no,
but it is there.
You see the gap? No, but it is. Therefore,
it is extremely important for us to understand
whether there was a rescheduling or a reconstruction.
Verify. Plan is a fact. So, contracts with
resource-supporting organizations. RCO. Resource
-supporting organization.
We have to make sure that there are contracts,
and they are real contracts, four types of contracts.
Water, electricity, water supply, water supply.
Four types of contracts. The absence of these
documents can mean that either this resource
is not there, or it is illegally connected
to REZEN.
This happens. This is normal. In multi-room houses,
often, look, each of us has an apartment there,
right? We don't have direct contracts in the world.
We pay by quotations. Well, the quotations come,
we look, every month we go crazy and pay.
Right? I say, yop, last month, last year it
was not like that at all. There were only zeroes,
right? It's normal. We suffer like hedgehogs,
we eat cactus, but we continue to pay. Here.
Therefore, in the Ministry of Internal Affairs,
there may be such a thing that the contract
is not direct. There may be a payment by quotations.
This is normal. This is in the Ministry of
Internal Affairs. Maybe. So, Egor. Question.
What are the consequences of you buying a ready
-to-rent business where there is illegal consumption?
Well, you have an unknown price for solving
this problem. You bought, owned this object
by Ivanov.
Well, he used electricity illegally through
Petrov's friend. You bought, you are not Ivanov.
And now Petrov's friend is not your friend.
He says, bro, here's the thing, look. Here,
you feed with electricity from me, you need electricity.
You say, ****, I have a magnet, I need it.
Five million. And he says,
well, no, look, I'll bring you these scissors now.
****, cut off the cable. He says, this is mine.
The main legal conclusion.
When we put together this whole kitchen,
What other documents do we need? We are still
talking about one property. What do we
need to make the main legal conclusion? Now
we will see on the documents what is preliminary
and what is basic. We need the owner's passport.
We need the right to establish a document.
This is a document on the basis of which the
owner has a right to ownership. It can be
a purchase-sale contract, a gift contract,
an exchange contract, a shareholding contract,
anything. A document on the basis of which
a right has arisen. The purchase-sale contract
is especially interesting. I will explain why.
Look, colleagues, there is practice.
Recently, we found such a cool object, well,
that's it, well, you know, even saliva flows,
right here you can see, we look at the issuance,
yes, the right of ownership there passed in
that year, well, okay, okay, yes, we say,
give us the right to install a document, they say,
why do you need this, we say, well, you have
a purchase-sale agreement, they say, we had
a technical sale, there, like, from one company
to another, blah, blah, blah, we say, well,
great, well, what are you hiding, well, give
us this document.
They say, we had a technical sale, we changed it,
blah-blah-blah. I say, it's all clear. Give
us this **** contract. And we'll buy you.
We get a contract for sale. We see that they
sold from one company to another for 1 million rubles.
An object that costs 50. Do you understand?
What does it matter? And they sell for 20 now.
At a market price of 50. Do you understand?
Very interesting.
But a year ago it was resold from one to another
for a million. What is the reason for this?
This deal can be recognized as real, it can
be bankruptcy of one of the organizations
that sold and bought. And, accordingly, the
right of ownership is mine, because they
bought crookedly in front of me.
Therefore, it is extremely important for us
to see the right to establish a document.
It is especially interesting if it is a gift agreement.
It is especially interesting if it is a purchase
and sale agreement. And what did you buy?
We will be told by many that it does not concern you.
Yes, it concerns me, guys, it concerns me.
Because if you bought it for a million fifteen
years ago, optimizing your taxes there, right?
I will not buy this object. And colleagues,
especially smart lawyers, who will tell you,
you are a smart lawyer, please tell me that
there is such a term as the absence of a term
of legal age.
So, let's move on.
Look, all additional agreements to the lease
agreement are indicated in the issuance. In
the issuance, in addition to the termination,
the lease agreement is written there, additional
agreements are also indicated in the termination graph.
For example, Magnit could register an additional
agreement about the change in the payment size.
When some item of the long-term agreement
is corrected, an additional agreement is registered,
and we definitely need all the texts of the
dopniks that are registered. There may be
a lot of interesting things. Egor, was there
any question? Is it okay? Why is there no sound?
Here, just list everything and let's go further
on the slides, there each document is separately sorted.
We will force them to give it to us. If you
don't want to force it, you can't. We will
teach you. We need the GDPR. We definitely
need it. Because from the recent cases of
colleagues who saved money on legal proceedings,
on the work of lawyers, did not receive the GDPR,
bought real estate for 27 million rubles.
Do you know what they faced? And their buildings
are demolished to ****. And this is reflected
in the city's general plan. And they bought
a **** box. Do you understand?
That's it. If they had seen the new GPZU,
it would have been written there. The roadway
is expanding and the buildings are being demolished.
That's it.
There may be different jokes in the GPZU.
So, the right to install a document on the land,
because look, we have any building on the
land plot, so we have two objects, if there
is a separate building. The building itself
and the land plot. The land plot can be owned
or rented. The list is needed, and, accordingly,
the right to install a document is also needed
on the land. If the land is rented, the lease
agreement of the land plot. So, let's move on.
The document of the owner. Look, we check
the object and the subject. The subject is
the owner, the object is the object of real estate.
Therefore, we check on the basis, we give
it to the lawyers, we check the authenticity
of the passport, the absence of it, whether
it consists of some vague dark registers and
so on. That is, we also need a conclusion
on the owner. And the worst thing is what
we need to verify, colleagues, unfortunately,
we have...
The law, although we have the most advanced
and technological registry in the world, but
the law, unfortunately, has certain flaws.
And look, how does the law look? When you
buy a property, you must make sure
that the seller does not have primary signs
of bankruptcy. Do you understand?
That is, our legislation, unfortunately, interprets
it in such a way that if you bought it, and
tomorrow the owner went bankrupt, it is not
his problem, it is your problem, it is you
who did not verify that he is not bankrupt.
And he does not have the primary signs of bankruptcy.
Do you understand? Unfortunately so. This
is a huge gap in the legislation, this is
a huge hole, and therefore it is necessary
to be very careful here.
Tell me, please, in a couple of words, a couple
of sentences, how to check the owner correctly?
What needs to be done for this? He may have, look...
good from lawyers who have access to certain bases.
Judicial bases, other bases. Is there executive production,
executive lists on this owner? In general,
there you can collect information about the
scale of his tragedy, if it is. If there is
already judicial production, executive list
is already there, it is displayed in certain bases.
And you just need a conclusion from competent
people who have access to these bases and
know how to work with them. That's it. Thank you.
That is, let's just summarize. You can try
to do it yourself. You don't need to go to
the arbitration office, go in there, type
in its data, look for it. Go to professionals
who have experience, knowledge, connections.
Always check the owner through specialists,
through lawyers who make money on it, who
live on it. That's it.
What to pay
for the first quarter? Taxes
Many entrepreneurs, many businesses for the
first time face the fact that they need to
pay NDS, because they moved to NDS. And yesterday
my friends were sitting at my place, we were
drinking tea with khachapuris.
And my friend cursed, let's say, the government.
And he says, how is that possible? I say,
wait, you don't follow the rules yourself.
He says, so many taxes. I say, but why? You
knew about it. Yes, I knew. But you already
spent this money. Yes, I spent. So what is
the problem?
And now, unfortunately, the story has already
begun that many businesses and a lot of property
will be bankrupted. Unfortunately. So, please,
be careful. Unfortunately, the topic of bankruptcy
is very relevant today, both physically and legally.
Let's move on.
So, where did we stop? We have so many, Egor.
We'll load them all now, I'm tired. It's okay,
it's okay. It's okay? It's better if we sit
a little longer, and everyone will know everything,
and we'll save on information. So, about the
new document. Look.
This is a document that shows what the right
to ownership is based on. This, as I said,
can be a contract for buying and selling,
a contract for giving, a contract for exchange,
a contract for partial participation. We also
pass it on to the lawyer in order to work
with him. He suggested what kind of jokes
could be. Bought three years ago for a million rubles.
A building that costs 50. Well, blyat muha.
Well, yoperny theater. Well, what are you,
guys? We are such objects, we do not play
such games.
Next, the lease agreement agreements. These
documents contain a lot of useful information,
starting from the reduction of the rental rate,
ending with changes in significant points
of the lease agreement. Do you understand?
It can be a doping, the term of change, the
conditions of the meeting, the conditions
of indexation. That is, any changes to the
lease agreement, any doping, we need them
very much. Stop. We will ask the question
right away, related to the previous ones from
the chat. Alexey and Natalya both asked right away,
how to understand that doping exists, where
to look? In the list, colleagues, in the list.
In the list, in the termination graph,
Look, what is the termination? This is a markup
of all registered documents relating to the property.
The long-term lease agreement is good, it
is subject to registration. And any change
of this lease agreement, any additional agreement
is subject to registration.
It's not a mix-up. But now there will be
a cool story. Do you know what? When the network
writes a letter of happiness and says, Egor,
brother, you have a cool object, we pay you
2 million, but we don't care, reduce a million
to a million. When we live a bright life,
then everything will be fine, we will return
to 2 million. This letter is not registered anywhere.
Not at all.
And this is the main element of deception.
Do you understand? And when we agreed on something,
if you say, **** you, I believe you, guys,
you are good, what do you ask me? You pay
me 2 million, you say, life is hard, how much
is the reduction? They say, I tell you, Egor,
give a reduction for a year. You say, go to ****,
a maximum of 3 months. They say, okay, and
then we register a dopnik.
And it is written there that the five agreed
with Yegor that from April 1, 26 to April,
May, June to July 1, 26, the rent is not 2 million,
but 1 million. This will be reflected in the issuance.
And all the old ones, if there are 10 of these agreements,
they will all be displayed in the issuance.
It will be written there. Additional agreement
number is this, from such a person to whom
the lease agreement. I answer the question
of the issuance of EGRN. Thank you very much.
Another question about DOPs and let's move on.
Dmitry asks, if the DOP agreement was not registered,
but in fact concluded. Does this happen at
all with federal lenders?
Any additional agreement to the contract of
rent is subject to registration. Good. Have
you ever faced the fact that it was not registered?
No. Is it already called an in-between or
is it already some kind of element of deception?
You know, look, I'll explain. Look. We
consider the same situation when we agreed
with you on the reduction of rent.
We agreed with you. I asked for a year. I'm
a five. You, Egor, are the owner of the facility
with a five. I'm a five. Two million. I ask
for a decrease of a million. We agreed with you.
We prepared this set of documents and put
it on registration. And at that moment you
sell it to Denis. And you don't say anything.
Oh, I forgot, Denis, sorry. It flew out of
my head. Sorry.
At this point, when the documents have already
gone to registration, yes. And to protect
yourself from this, you just need to check
the RTL and up to 5%. Of course, of course,
of course. Okay, let's move on. Thank you.
So, oh, a report from a psycho-narco-dispensary,
actually, hello, Dolina, right? That's why
now it's especially important that on the
date of the transaction we ask the owners
for a report on the absence of the fact that
they are on the account of a psycho-narco-dispensary,
well, roughly speaking, a report on their abilities.
Be sure to.
Some don't like it, and they say, well, then
you also give us a certificate. Fine. That's it.
We go to the deal, just attach the certificates.
You are normal, we are normal. In the light
of the latest events, it is necessary. Colleagues,
it is necessary. Look at the GDPR. The land
plot development plan. Why is it important?
Why do we even receive GDPR on objects in
the Ministry of Internal Affairs? For many,
even experienced lawyers, it seems nonsense.
We will not go into detail now, because in
the GPZU there is information about the land plot,
the zone of restrictions, the presence of
government communication cables, red lines,
restrictions and so on, the type of permissible use.
Therefore, we definitely need a GPZU for a separate building.
And it is important, colleagues, a fresh GPZU.
It turns out that on state services, the term
of two weeks can be obtained in the administration.
If it is a small town, then in the administration.
Well, even if it is a city, the administration
of the city can get it. And you can order
it on state services. Two weeks of production time.
Let's go on. Exhibition on the ground. Right
to install a document on the ground. Look,
if we talk about a separate building, the
building we have is on a land plot. We have
two real estate objects, right? We cannot
exclude the real estate object, a separate building,
without a land plot.
Therefore, we need to see on the basis of
what the right of ownership has passed on
the building and on the basis of what the
right of ownership has passed on the land plot.
This may be one document, a contract for the
sale of a building with a land plot. Also normal.
We check there that everything corresponds
to reality, pass it on to the lawyer. Further.
We may have land on rent. In regions, this
is often a normal practice when we have
The land is on rent. And it's normal that
we don't buy the land. It's often unprofitable
to own all this farmland. That's why we need
a land lease agreement. What can we use this
land for? Terms, amounts, conditions for demolition,
conditions for extension. In general, we need
a land lease agreement if we have land on rent.
Next. So, well, Egor, it's time to take an
example of the correct full legal conclusion.
Yes, I sent it to you in advance. Wait a minute.
So, I'll just... You can turn off the demonstration
for now, go to the chat and open the last document.
So, Egor. So, aha,
here it is. Ta-da-da-da-da.
So, demonstration. So, here it is. Now I'll
turn it around on the whole screen. I can
do it. I can do it. So, Egor, can you see?
Yes, everything is there. So, look, colleagues,
what the sample looks like. We'll give you
all the samples, all the documents. We'll
give them to you. Don't worry, everything
will be in the chat. We'll send everything.
How does the sample of the right conclusion
look like? Like this. Now I'm looking for
all these pictures. Go here, go here. Now
I'll put it aside so that I can see it well.
That's it. It's so cool. So, look, now I'm
going to scroll it. So, and how? It doesn't scroll,
but I have it. Oh, the keys
are on the right and left.
Yes, here they are. Pick, pick, pick, pick,
pick, pick, pick. They don't want anything.
Try to reopen it. If it doesn't work, I'll
run a demonstration and show it. So. That's it.
Leave it like that. Great. We read it. Everything
is fine. And you can switch to the right.
That's it. I see.
Here, look, this is what our legal conclusion
looks like. Let's start with the first one.
What are we considering? Property rights,
what documents are the basis of the 2021 grant agreement?
See? We go further. Limitation of use. We
go further. Explanation of the room from the
technical passport. Here it is, a non-residential building.
Here it is. Now I'll show you. Out of the interesting.
Смотрите. На рассмотрение представлены следующие
договоры аренды. Так, так, так, так, так,
так, так, так. Земельный участок. Так, так,
так, так, так. По земельному участку. Очень интересно,
много букв. Безумно интересные циферки. Едем дальше.
Territory zone. I want to show you a resume.
This is how a normal, good, correct, competent
legal conclusion looks like. So, let's look.
Here it is. Preliminary conclusion on objects.
Resume. We read the content of the book.
Let's see. The non-living buildings of the
land plot do not have legal obstacles for
the transfer of ownership rights. It is already good,
ownership rights can be transferred. Great.
Further information.
And here we already read all sorts of jokes.
In the ERA, the type of permissible use of
the land plot coincides with the ERA specified
in the issuance. Excellent. Look, next. The
owner does not have an initiated bankruptcy
procedure or other negative risk obligations
at the time of conducting legal examination
of documents.
Look, why is it so important here? We, as
decent buyers, we, as decent buyers, you
know what we have to make sure of? That at
the time of purchase, the owner does not have
an aroused bankruptcy procedure and other circumstances.
Понимаете? Это наша обязанность убедиться.
Это не обязанность продавца, это обязанность покупателя.
Об этом почему-то, ну, из практики мало кто
это понимает. Ну и тут территориальная зона,
вот, ВРИшка, которая нам нужна. Ну и вот,
собственно говоря, здесь в правом заключении
будет указаны, да, скажем так, преимущества
и недостатки.
You will get acquainted with him. When you
will even act independently without us, please
take it as a sample. And to the lawyers who
will make legal conclusions, you say, comrade lawyer,
can I do the same? That's it. If he can, fine.
If he can't, you'll find someone else.
So, Yegor, let's move on. Explain why this
is important. Well, on the example of those
legal conclusions that were ordered, for example,
by the Dnipro. Look.
I'll explain it now. Let's make a little bit
of a lyrical digression. There are systems
in life that have proven their ability to
work for long periods of time. For example,
there is the Institute of Marriage or the
Institute of Family. For some reason, this
is a system that has been working for many
thousands of years.
Well, mom, dad, children. Mom is a girl, dad
is a boy. They have children. This is the
family institute. It works. Also, the state
system works. The Institute of Religion works
for many millennia. So we have an algorithm
developed over the years.
And when we move along this algorithm, we
do not have any negative events. We reduce
the risks. The most negative event that can
occur is if we are revoked, deprived of ownership rights.
If we buy something, some wonder, miracle,
diva-divna, and we were deprived of ownership rights.
Well, imagine, Denis went to you, bought your five,
Yes? You're like, oops, oops, like, tomorrow
I'll go bankrupt, right? Took out the money,
went into cash, and bankrupt. And your deal
will be dismantled, Denis's ownership will
be deprived, you know, he will remain both
without money and without real estate. **** forbid,
of course, as they say, right? Therefore,
what can we face? We can, the most harmless
thing is that our economy will not go down.
We were counting on the occupancy of 68 MAP,
and we got 168. Or 98. Well, because of
the miscommunication, there was not enough sewage,
and the numbers do not correspond to the reality,
and so on. We were wrong. This is the most harmless,
the worst, if they deprive the right to ownership.
And the most important thing is that in the
regions the price of the work of all specialists,
well, these are numbers like 100 thousand rubles,
150 thousand rubles, the conclusion is 30
thousand rubles, 50 thousand rubles. Funny numbers.
In general, in principle, for sleeping peacefully.
Because sometimes it is profitable to pay
for not buying.
It's just profitable. Do you understand? We
are talking with you about investments in general.
A ready-made rental business is such an investment tool.
And what is an investment? It's a balance
of risk and profit. A golden standard, a golden ratio.
The higher the risk, the higher the profit.
And when you make a legal decision, a decision
of a cadastral engineer, a technical decision,
you just reduce the risks of negative events.
That's it.
Okay, let's summarize this legal conclusion.
Why are we telling you this? If suddenly you
will purchase a ready-to-buy rental business,
there are different companies that provide
similar services and make legal conclusions.
And we saw legal conclusions that are laid
out in one sheet A4. Literally in one sheet
A4 laid out the whole legal conclusion. Yes,
everything is fine, buy it.
Therefore, when you will order such a legal conclusion,
you need to take a template, we will give
it to you, what we have just shown, we will
give it to you, and you need to send this
template to the legal company with which you
work and ask, can you do it like this? I need
it like this. Yes, it will be more expensive,
but it will be safe. Do not rely on legal conclusions,
which are laid out in one or two paragraphs,
most likely, nothing has been checked and
you will buy catagishki. We can go further,
let's go to the presentation.
So, let me start Kraken, share, share. So,
and here. So, there is, right? Contact.
So, to the next step with you came colleagues.
He is called a cadastral engineer. Why the
**** do we need a cadastral engineer?
We order the exit of the cadastral engineer
and order the cadastral engineer's conclusion,
abbreviated as ZKI, the conclusion of the
cadastral engineer, in 100 % of transactions.
We do it in every deal. I'll explain why it's necessary.
We'll give you an example of a good cadastral
engineer's conclusion. Don't worry, we'll
have it all in the practice chat. We'll analyze
it now, we'll see, we'll show. Look, why do
we need a cadastral engineer? Because when
we buy a property, the output of which is
specified 500 meters, there may actually be
400 meters.
or 417. We need a cadastral engineer, first
of all, in order to identify the correspondence
between the numbers on the paper and the actual
numbers in the squares, first of all. We need
a cadastral engineer in order to verify that
the building does not go beyond the boundaries
of the land plot, is located in those coordinates,
in which it should be located, does not have
any investments on the neighboring buildings.
That is, we need to shoot off the landing
of the building in the area, if it is a separate
standing building. And even in the Ministry
of Internal Affairs we order the exit of the
cadastral engineer. Do you know why? Because
in the conclusion of the cadastral engineer
we can see such jokes as reconstruction.
Well, there was no entrance there, and he,
like Suslik from DMB, again, today, twice mentioned,
there is. Do you understand? Well, the five gnawed.
Well, we in Samara wanted to buy a real estate,
in it sat a five, drove off another year,
in 2015, ten years ago. We've already done everything,
we've done everything, everything is cool,
documents worked, collected, the cadastral
engineer leaves and says, one, two, three,
the openings of which were not.
And they are. And the owners tell us, listen,
this five made, guys, in 2011. Yes,
everything is fine. What are you looking at?
And we say, look, what are we looking at?
There are still 18 floors above us, where
a crack can go.
And if there will be a crack, all 18 floors
will come to me and say, what the ****, you hear,
bald, what have you done here? And they will say,
it's not me, it's a five, and they say, it's
not you at all, you're the owner. You. You
see the crack? Yeah. That's it. These are
very serious consequences.
I would even say it in a different way. I would
add that changes that are illegal and wrongly
made in the current times are a risk to human
lives and criminal responsibility and a huge moral,
emotional and spiritual responsibility. But
you just saw the news. So many buildings have collapsed.
There was snow in Moscow, right?
We were surprised to find out that there is
snow in Russia in winter. No way! This has
never happened before, and here it is again,
snow in winter. Where is it visible? And we saw,
yes, this one, oops, the building collapsed
for some reason. That is, the conclusion of
the cadastral engineer will also help us to
protect ourselves from such negative consequences.
Here. Correspondence of the areas, detection
of the reconstruction, and shoot off the landing
of the building and see the impact.
the cadastral engineer's conclusion. Egor,
are there any interesting questions? No. Well,
the cadastral engineer can determine the bearer
of the wall, but I have not answered him.
Of course, colleagues. Well, therefore, look,
everything we say in steps is an algorithm,
right? When we have a technical passport,
And a competent cadastral engineer must find
not only the bearer and non-bearer, he must find,
as we had in Chelyabinsk in the facility,
we got, and this is my mistake, this is I did
not see, thank ****, we have there Angel left,
saw, right? There, well, they threw out part
of the foundation plate. Well, imperceptibly.
Part of the foundation plate.
Through fillers, through all this. And look,
we are playing a role in one of the three roles.
Either a broker, or an agent, or an investor.
If we are an agent, we are, conditionally,
obliged to see it, to find out, and obliged
to notify the investor. And the investor already
makes the decision whether he takes this risk
on himself or not. Do you understand?
I have a lot of friends, acquaintances, investors
who will say, Dima, my ****, there is such
a wall, they gnawed it. It's okay. In general,
I don't care. Come on, let's trade them for
a million and take it. Yes, and just Alexander asks,
that is, how to beat the price. Can you tell
about the unloading of this Nadymovsky object,
which we are now disassembling? It's just it.
Well, there is a low price, Igor, yes.
Yes, that is, it is legal, but the unloading
on this object is not legalized, it will be legalized,
and due to the unloading zone, which is not
officially reflected in the documents, not legalized,
did not agree, we traded the price due to this,
and due to this, we just achieved the price
of this object. And can we legalize it? Yes,
we will do it.
Yes. Look, colleagues, there is not a single
real estate object where everything would
be perfect. The minus of commercial real estate
is that there are no two identical real estate objects.
Our apartments are all the same. It's easier there.
The second floor from the 18th will be distinguished
only by the floor.
Well, and a little bit of area, there, at
0 something meters. That's it. And in commerce
there are no two identical objects, you know?
Here in this joke, the buzz and minus at the
same time. That's why we don't have an ideal
commercial property object, we'll talk about
it too. Egor, are we going further? Did you
say about the cadastre? We'll show it now.
Or later, as we like.
Let's go right now, because we will not return
to this question yet. Yes, yes, now, now.
So, that's what I told you,
right? Does the declared area correspond to
the real one? Does the building go abroad?
Reconstruction. Well, and, accordingly, yes,
there, by the entrances to the building, maybe,
you know, what a joke, that...
And because of this, our deals fell apart.
In order for the machine, like the magnet
in this case, to pass, it passes through the
territory of unloading, through the territory
of other land areas that do not belong to
this owner, that do not belong to this building.
Do you understand? That is, the building,
for example, stands with a closed contour,
with the letter O, and we have unloading inside
this contour. But the land inside this contour
does not belong, and the machine unloads there.
But it unloads on someone's land.
That's it. It's insanely important. There
are separate jokes with the judges. So, we'll
show you what kind of K.I. Let me take a look now.
While you're opening, I'll ask you one question.
Can you answer in parallel? Yes. Dmitry Naumov asks,
how difficult is it to close a question with
a justification for a change that has never
happened before? I'll say it now. Depending
on the scale of the tragedy.
That is, if we have, for example, one thing,
a window opening, a door opening
was made through a window opening in a brick house,
one arrangement. Another arrangement, if we
have a door opening made through a window
opening in a panel house.
The third arrangement is if we have a door
installed in a panel house, a balcony block
was taken out. We used to have such a thing
all over the place, that is, Samara knows,
the company Vitrina took it out, made about
200 objects in the city, where the **** the
panels were disassembled at all. You see,
here you need more inputs. To answer this question,
I need to see the documents from the previous
six points. Then I'll tell you.
So, I want to show you now the ZKI in Chelyabinsk,
I really like it, an object that we almost
bought for storage. Now, colleagues, here
I have it. Is it where the foundation was cut?
Yes, where the kids cut the foundation. The
conclusion is cool, but the cadastral engineer here,
as they say, did not watch it.
So, now I've switched to this one, to Max,
and so now I'll do some kind of miracle, I'll
find where my Max is on this, on the note.
So, now, colleagues. Don't rush, we're in time,
everything's fine. So, once again. Max, come out.
Okay, I'll try. I'm used to working
on Android, so I'm sorry, colleagues, as soon
as I get this one in my hands.
Pavel asks, what is the maximum timing today?
We planned 3 hours. About 2 hours, 2 hours,
2 hours and 20 minutes for the main part,
where we talk about the decision-making algorithm,
the Gaba analysis algorithm and how to understand
what is a ready-made rental business, what
is good for the renter in this room. And from
1 to 40 minutes for answers to questions.
As we planned, but if suddenly it seems that
the answers to the questions will take more time,
we will delay, do not worry. So, can you see,
Igor, the conclusion? Yes, everything is visible,
everything is super. Here, look, we will also
send everything in the practice chat, you
will have samples as references, yes, as cool values.
Here, look, the conclusion of cadastral engineers.
I will explain what I really like, yes. Look,
the first thing is visible in the connection
to the map, where the real estate object is located.
Here we have the entrance.
Here is the location of the real estate. This
is the basement under this building. Here
we have indicated the non-residential premises.
Entrance 1, entrance 2. I would directly,
of course, would also reflect the entrance groups,
so that they were visible. Further. Here is
a floor plan, and here is actually a measurement
of the premises. You can see. And then we
have a conclusion. The seal is this.
That's it. That's what you need to do. Next,
I like the photo fixation. And here...
Look, the conclusion is cool, but the cadastral
engineer didn't see anything. Let
me show you. Let's go straight to the video.
Even colleagues, I admit, this is
my fault, I will be honest. I didn't see it,
I didn't watch it.
Blin, I have such a... Oh! Found it! Now...
Will it load? Oh... Now, I started
this cart, maybe it will load. But I'll throw
it to you, if anything, to this ZKI, I'll
throw it to you, look.
No, Egor, my telegram is a mess. Are you trying
to turn on the video in Telegram? Yes. Yes.
What? You can't. You have to turn on VPN,
but we can't use VPN now, because you'll just
fall off. That's it. That's it. That's it.
So, just tell me in two words, and I think
everyone will believe you.
No, Yulia, look, the point is that such a part
was dug out there, somewhere at this height,
of the foundation plate. That is, most likely,
we just did not take this risk on ourselves.
We have already collected all the money, we
were ready to buy. There is a king of location,
there is such a density, everything is chocolate there,
really cool, well worked out. We worked with
this project for 8 months.
And when we saw it, we simply refused, because
we did not take these risks on ourselves.
That's all. Let me add here. Julia wrote a question
about who pays the expenses to the industrial
engineer and so on. And I answered that the investor.
Julia answers the question. That is, if the
object turned out to be unsuitable, after
the check, the investor loses this money.
No, the investor earned at this stage.
You just understand, if you are an investor,
or you work with an investor, if the investor
works for several months and increases that
the object has some shortcomings, and he refused it,
at this moment he earned. Due to what? Due
to the fact that he got rid of the risks related
to the purchase of this object and losses
in the future. And indeed, now there may be
a feeling that there are so many risks and
so on and so forth. Indeed, in order to buy
a good, ready-made rental business, you will
need to go through a few.
And when we refuse an object, we make money.
Who pays? It's different, look, Egor. An agent
can actually pay. Look, of course, let's do this.
If we turn on the logic, after all, the investor
will pay for everything. In the end. But,
for example, those projects that I work on
as an agent, I pay for all this business.
Do you understand?
И это мои риски. Вот здесь условно, да, я там
потратил там 100 тысяч рублей, да, там юристы поработали,
кадастры поработали, агенты поработали, да.
Я мог бы заработать здесь полтора миллиона,
заработал минус 100. Я к этому отношусь как
к накладным расходам.
And here, maybe, yes, Yulia asks, Yulia, in
different ways, maybe, depending on what role
you are in, yes, in what volume of this role,
in different ways. And how do you build relationships
with investors? I just do it like this. I take
a bigger check for my work, for the fact of buying,
yes, but this is what goes into my work. The first,
second, third compote.
And I don't take it step by step. This is
an algorithm built by me over the years. Based
on what is it built on? Based on a deep understanding
of the target audience. My target audience
is an investor with a capital of 100 plus.
And it is better for these people to pay 3 million
at the start, rather than millions, and then
they are puked for 100 thousand for each puke.
Do you understand?
That's it. You, as a cool agent, must understand
the target audience from which you work. That's it.
Good. The legal retreat is quite large. Let's
go back to the presentation and move on. So,
we are returning from heaven to earth. Here
is our presentation, here is our demonstration.
Share, share, press, slideshow.
So, let's move on. Step number seven. This
is all we are talking about in detail about
the algorithm. Do not worry that there may
be a lot of information, then all this on
the shelves will unfold in your head. Further.
Why do we call a technical specialist or engineer?
We call, and this is not a cadastral engineer,
this is a person who is aware and knows construction, right?
And we here, already on the basis of this
conclusion of this specialist, he makes a visual inspection.
It is important, colleagues, a visual inspection.
Because someone experienced can now say that
there are different types of expertise. There
is expertise of the foundation, there is expertise
of the structures. Of course, yes. But if
at least we will perform a visual inspection,
It will be already very good. So, Egor, I'll
show you this example right away, an example
of the conclusion of these specialists. Is
it okay?
............
...............
Yes, it's simple. Imagine that you cut out
a meter of the foundation of the building
to make the area bigger
Okay, good. I wanted ZKE, and I had it.
I'll show you, colleagues. It was, it was.
I'll find it now. We've already looked at ZKE.
We now have to look at the construction. Lara asks,
where are you looking for construction specialists?
Now I'll open it for you and show you. So,
share, share. Look, we'll send you all this,
don't worry. So, look, this is called a technical conclusion.
Already another object in the city, Gorniak. Look.
Yes, here is a cool, generally awesome conclusion,
please take it as a sample, yes, all this
will be available to you, let's unlist, I'll
just show you such, look, it, Igor, it cost,
in my opinion, 1070 rubles, if my memory does
not change
Look, photo, photo, photo, photo, photo, further
from the interesting, look. There is
such a term defective or defective awareness,
right? That is, this is a display of a visually
detected defect with its description.
And with possible ways to eliminate this defect.
Look. Here it is all indicated with arrows.
Mistake! Mistake! Mistake! Mistake! Mistake!
Mistake! Mistake! Mistake! Mistake!
I even like it, look, a shard on a tile, right?
Can you imagine, you give it to your owner,
you say, brother, well, what, Egor, well,
what 20 million, buddy? Well, fear ****, there
is no baptized at all, but look, understand?
Here, you give this document to him, he says,
instead of the Bible, now you read this one.
You read, read, the second series has already
been released, you have already watched Game
of Thrones, you have already switched to the
series Spartak, you read everything, read,
read, and at the end, what do you need? Look,
these are the people who did it, they are
looking for the police on the stand, right?
Cool, really cool specialists, awesome. Look,
so, what are we interested in? I'll give you
a summary and conclusion.
Oh, what a dushnil, huh? Dushnilki, right.
So, well done, really cool. Now, where? I want you,
this is a letter conclusion, look. Oh, conclusions,
right? From the series about those conclusions.
Analyzing the total number of defects and
damage to the constructions, the building
is located at such and such an address. The
technical state of the constructions is estimated
as limited workability. The category
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah, in general,
including further exploitation of the building,
is possible. At the same time, it is required
to perform repair work to eliminate any defects.
The building needs to be repaired. Do you understand?
And we paid here in order not to buy this project,
colleagues. Do you understand? Everything
was awesome. Look, the previous seven points
were awesome. With nuances, but okay. Everything
is treated by price. But here, when we sit
and just make decisions, we are like, in principle,
we can buy for 10 million what carries 300 thousand.
Well, it's delicious.
And then we get this technical Bible and say,
but we need to invest another 20. And you're like,
okay, we spent time, nerves, strength, money,
but imagine if it hadn't been done, we
would have bought this.
Do you hear me? Yes. Good. Please answer the
question about this builder. What is the name
of this specialty and how to find it? How
do you find such people who can conduct construction conclusions?
Look, in fact, in every city, district, region,
settlement, there are companies that specialize
in cadastral work, technical work, conclusions,
legal expertise. These people exist. How do
we find them? We find them through Avito,
through friends, through acquaintances, through handshakes,
through requests.
But there is already a register of proven specialists.
There is a base of proven specialists. If
there is nothing like that, you can find it
through Avid. Ladies and gentlemen, the 21st century.
As they say, Google, sorry, not Google, Orthodox
Yandex helps.
That's it. The most important thing is to
formulate it correctly. Our task today is
to understand what to demand and in what form.
Our task today is to give you an algorithm
of the development of a ready-made rental business.
Purchase, sale, decision-making. A step-by
-step algorithm. Where to find a performer,
it will be much easier for you when you understand
what to demand, which performer and what the
result of the work of this performer should
look like. We will give. What can we share?
So, let's move on. Egor, what do we have?
Colleagues, write in the chat how you feel.
From 1 to 5. If you are tired, 1. If you are
on a stretcher, 5. Come on. I am a math teacher,
I need numbers. Is it okay? 4. Who lost? Why
did the guys lose? What are you?
Good, good, thank you. Cool. So, let's go on.
That's it, that's it, that's it, I see, that's it,
with vigor, that's it, let's go on. So, Egor,
let's move on. So, what do we have there?
So, so, engineer, you got it, right? Why do
we need this magnificent, magnificent thing?
So, what did we want to say here?
Oh, about the perfect object. Colleagues,
honestly, there are no perfect objects. Understand
that the more hemorrhoids in
the project, the more money. The more we dig
up hemorrhoids and problems, the more we earn.
Where there are no problems, there is no money.
Do you understand? And our task is not to
bury the object, not to bury the project.
but in order to influence the cost
of the project with adequate arguments, reduce
the probability of negative events and increase
the probability of positive events. A deal
is a positive event. Therefore, why are we
so sad? Exclusively from practice. Can you
buy and sell and not do anything? Yes, of
course you can.
But if you make one deal a year, it's okay.
As the classic said, doubtful, but okay. And
if you go out for some regular system work,
no matter what role, you just need to know
and understand it. So, moving on. So, step
number eight. Deal.
And about how to carry out this deal remotely,
without going beyond the borders. For example,
my Samara is already dark outside. We will
talk tomorrow, right, Egor? Egor,
where are you? Help me. So, yes,
about the deal tomorrow.
And tomorrow more. And now, it seems, it's Egor.
Question-answer. We have a private question-answer.
There is no sound. There is no sound.
I turn off the sound so that the camera does
not accidentally switch on me while you are talking.
Let's go to answer questions. We go from top
to bottom. Write questions in the chat. If
you are ready to speak personally, you can
raise your hand. Below there is a button to react.
Press it, then press the button to raise your
hand and you can personally communicate with us.
We will turn on the microphone for you and
we will be able to discuss all the questions
that interest you.
Dmitry Minin writes a question. The owner
of two rooms of 1200 m2. Everyone wants to
sell them due to excessive loan and remain
a tenant. The lease agreement is ready to
sign for 10 years. The price is 120 million.
In the premises, equipment, office, employees,
orders are there. The question is, what is
the price of rent and or the price of the
object should be? I already know what you
will answer. Not interesting. I don't know.
Offices. I don't know, it's not interesting.
Look, colleagues, this is not a ready-made
rental business. This is an property object
in which there is some kind of poor guy, whose
business is bending there. Why the **** do
we need this object?
I don't know how to evaluate this. I'm sorry,
I'll eat a banana here. Yes, of course, have
a bite. We will need to pause for 3-5 minutes
so that everyone can pause in the same way.
We will take into account the next presentation,
because 3 hours is quite a lot without a break.
Next question. Dmitry Naumov
writes a question. Hello everyone, it is interesting
to know, I watched your series for investors,
in one of the parts it was said that when
analyzing the location of the premises, it
is possible to buy a report on RTO of a certain
network in a certain area of the location.
Where can such information be bought? From developers?
They are for sale. But you said in the series
that it is for sale. No, it can be mined by acquaintances.
Well, let's be honest, it is sold just for
such amounts that the investor will not buy
such information. In general, it is better
to extract it, yes, so we will answer. Let's
go to the next question. Yes, yes, yes, look,
the information on the earnings is such very
intimate confidential information. It is with
a very small number of people.
Moreover, there are only a few in dynamics.
Therefore, this is the highest degree of mastery
and pilotage. Even for people who have been
doing it for years and decades, this information
may not exist. I will add that there is a ready
-made rental business in the Academy. If you
consider the option to join the Academy, then
this information will become available to you.
Vasily asks a question about the storerooms.
What areas are the rooms cut into? The class
format is up to 300 meters.
The best is up to 250, why up to 300? And
it sells better, and there is a fire, you
don't have to make a second VAC exit. Up to 300,
better up to 250. Therefore, when we buy an
object 500 meters, for example, it is beneficial
for us to cut it into 2, 3 or 4. Okay, Irina asks,
here is the room, we want to make a ready
-to-rent business and sell it. How to understand
whether the room is suitable or not? Maybe
there is some checklist? How to understand
what rent to count on and from what to start
at all?
Изучать надо начинать не с помещения, а с изучения
бизнес-моделей федеральных арендаторов. Потому
что если вы будете идти от помещения, это
не так эффективно, как идти от арендатора.
If you go from the premises, but you open Avito,
Avito slash commercial real estate slash Russia.
There will be tens of thousands of these premises.
You understand, our business model is in the
logic of the business model, that the object itself,
as an object of real estate, is important.
Colleagues, please, I'm talking about regions.
Look, what are the differences between regions
from Moscow? In regions, the cost of a meter
of commercial real estate does not grow.
Period. The cost of a meter of commercial
real estate does not increase. Unlike Moscow,
in which you bought a room for 500 thousand,
Sobyanin tomorrow opened a new metro station
there for two days, and it began to cost a million
per meter, do you understand?
Moscow is not Russia. Russia is a region.
Therefore, we are talking to you about regions.
Therefore, we are not starting from the premises,
but from the tenant. Therefore, when they
try to force me to do something with the premises,
my answer will be the same. Go advertise it
on Avito. Well, how can I help you?
But the network has a very simple technical task.
If it is a product network, then from 200
to 1000 square meters is suitable for a product network.
200-500 is a coin, 400-1000 is a five, but
even 400-600, 400-700 is a working range,
and 400-600 is a magnet, and 400 is a contour,
and 400 is a contour is a chip. That's it.
That's it, that's who we work with. Let me
add here. Are you ashamed to talk about it?
I'm not ashamed at all. Irina, if you want
to learn how to create a ready-made rental business,
the answer to this question is not in this practice.
We are now talking about how to buy a ready
-made rental business, how to make a decision,
about analysis of GABs and so on and so forth.
And the creation of a ready-made rental business
is not laid out in one practice. If there
is a desire to learn this, if there is a desire
to become a professional broker who can create
a pharmacy, a store, a warehouse and so on
out of nothing, you are in the academy of
ready-made rental business. Enter the academy,
go to school, choose a mentor inside the academy,
together with the mentor you will create the
first gap and there will be happiness.
I saw that a participant with the nickname
Asus Rock raised his hand. Please raise your
hand again, and we will turn on the microphone
for you, you will be able to personally communicate
and ask a question. Please do it. Just while
I was answering, I saw that you lowered your hand.
Yes, I saw it too. Yes, we just did not get there,
did not have time to answer this question.
Next question. Lara asks, what projects do
you leave to yourself? You offered Magnit
Investors in the Academy to your colleague.
What projects do you leave to yourself?
The first product retail is a magnet. Look,
only a magnet, only a magnet, only deposits.
That's it, nothing else. Good. Next, the next question.
Oh, colleagues, I was talking for a while,
Egor. Two hours. I also thought what you said.
Stop, stop, stop. Only coins, only coins,
sorry, coins, deposits.
I don't take it to work, no matter what role
I play, if it's some other renter. I will
hand this renter over.
лучше другу партнеру брату свату агенту классному
и на этом заработаю на передачу но я не буду
заниматься здесь почему да вот смотрите магнит
I'll explain why. The first introduction,
a resident of the academy, that is, a person
who has already passed our school, we speak
the same language. He tells me, Dima, the
object is interesting. That's it, I understand
that there should be no nonsense. I don't
waste time in vain. Because you see how much time?
To get the documents, I spent a month.
And I have something to do. My daughter's
birthday is coming up. I need to bring a lemon tree.
You know, to bring it home. I need
to go outside now, Egor. There are nuances.
In short, look.
Because the economy there, colleagues, we
started with a proposal from the offer, rent
a million, price tag 50, and came to the offer,
rent 800, price tag 35. It's interesting.
It's interesting. That's it. There's a great
economy on the napkin, and the federal.
So, to be honest with you, Egor, I have only 5s,
only coins, only deposits. I can explain in
detail why. You don't need to tell it now,
we have it planned for tomorrow, and we will
talk about coins, 5s, underwater magnetic drops,
and about all the other renders.
Tomorrow we will talk about magnets as well.
So, Dmitry, the next question. The question
about GAP for a long time, Dmitry Naumov wrote.
We look at the regional market, especially
in small cities and PGT. With today's factors,
there is a problem. Low birth rate.
If you have colleagues...
If you have, now there will be an offer, we
did not agree with you, Egor, if you have
a room in a settlement up to 50 thousand people,
village, village, PGT, it does not matter,
it is either with a tenant, or empty,
with an area of 200 to 1500 meters,
Don't go anywhere, don't come to us. Send
it to your colleagues, send it to the chat,
send it to me personally in Telegram while
it's still working. Information about this.
I understand that you want to make money,
but let's imagine. In front of us is an investor Ranthier.
Let's for all of us. Who is Ranthier? Ranthier
is not engaged in speculation. He has no task
to buy or sell more expensive. He buys for
himself to earn on passive income. You would
recommend an investor Ranthier to buy in the
villages of the five.
For 10, 15, 20 years and so on? Yes. I would
recommend it. Yes. That's it. You answered
the question. Okay. Why? Because, well,
yes. The next question is from Alexander Matorin.
Let me decipher it now. Look, we, colleagues,
do not forget, we analyze one metric, excuse me,
one metric in dynamics.
And what do they tell us? Revenues in villages
and villages, in shops that have just opened.
They are growing. And in millionaires they
are falling. That's it.
It is clear that migration is a logical story.
All this is clear. But it is necessary to
dig deeper, colleagues, deeper. But why the
federal government, why the five, which opened
25 thousand stores, but why it opened a store
in the village of the city type Borovoi between
Ukhtoy and Ektevkar with a population of 700 people?
Well, are they morons or what? And invested
15 million in repairs. Do you understand?
Well, they know how to count well. Well, they
open up where it's necessary. Any five, smarter
than us all together sitting here, in the
question of making a decision about opening
a store five. That's it. That's why.
Good answer, excellent. Next, Alexander Matorin writes,
an actual news. Recently, one of the deputies,
Khasulin, proposed to recalculate the cadastral
value of objects in Russia. Dmitry writes,
please recommend the tax on property. In particular,
I heard that there is a practice to reduce
the cadastral value. Apparently, according
to the court, he writes. And vice versa. And
the question is, what can be the consequences
for the market and what to do with private
investors if there is a large-scale recalculation
of the cadastral value?
There are... Colleagues, who watched the series
Policeman from Rublevka? Here's a test for age.
There are such, right? There are, right? Remember there,
the hero of Burunov, right? His crown phrase.
What to do, what to do, to make an ant ****, right?
Well, what are we going to do? Well, we will pay.
What are we going to do? But if without jokes,
colleagues, how good are the regions? There
is such a cool cadastral cost, it is small.
It's not interesting. Do you understand? Why
do I love regions? Less competition, less
entry threshold. Purchasing is better. Profit
is higher. Hemorrhoids are less. People are better.
That's it. And the cadastral cost is lower.
That's it. And what will happen? I don't know
what will happen. Well, we will invest in
our economy. We will pay. And so the cadastre
is cool. Compared to Moscow, with the millionaires,
with Tyumen, with Krasnodar. Tell a record low.
There was a tax recently on the air, I remember,
I think it was 130
rubles a year, something like that. In the regions.
Those who buy Gabba in Moscow, compare it
with your own. Think. You probably have a cup
of coffee. We're going to the regions. Yes,
Tatyana, you understand. Why are we talking
about the region? First of all, we ourselves
are from the regions. Like half of the native Muscovites.
I'm from Ekaterinburg, hello everyone.
I'm from Samara, I don't know where Nikolay
is from, I see Nikolay, you have some kind
of interesting ceiling. Look, we would like
to talk to you personally, so if someone has
a question, you can ask questions in turn,
just by pressing the button to raise your hand.
We will be happy to talk to you live. Let's
go on with the questions. Oh, class, class.
Liliana Rachkovskaya, they want to raise it
so that it is not so sweet. Yes, okay, we'll break.
We turn on the microphone, Denis Frolov, let's go.
Denis Frolov, hello.
Denis, press the button, turn on the microphone.
I turned on the microphone. Thank you very much,
I appreciate it very much, I listen with pleasure,
I am not tired at all. Dmitry, you asked three times,
all three times continue. The question is,
in fact, the most important thing that you
said at the end.
We have found out all this, and you refused
to buy an object with one bad technical connection,
with a damaged foundation, and so on. Well,
then what to buy? There are a lot of factors,
and, of course, they are all not perfect.
Therefore, I have two questions for you. What then,
in this case, how do you decide with them?
Do you still make a decision about buying?
And the second question is, in this case,
isn't it easier to build the logic yourself?
Maybe it will be faster and more quality
to create than to sell more expensively, than
to look for some kind of candy out of ****.
I just assume. I want to know your opinion.
Look, those objects that we didn't buy, for example,
in Chelyabinsk, where the foundation was dug,
look, it's me who refused to buy. It
doesn't mean that some investor won't buy
from me next week and will say, Dima, this
is complete ****, I'm ready to take this risk.
Do you understand?
That is, the final decision, well, that is,
what is the skill of making investment decisions?
It is to learn to weigh the risks and quickly,
without spending a lot of energy, make a decision
whether to take it or not. Because any investment
is a balance of risks and opportunities. Do
you understand? That's it. And the investor can,
for example, say, Dima, look, well, Chelyabinsk,
you had 7 million, make it 6,
I'll pay you 1.5 million for your work. Do
you understand? How good is commerce? It's
like a snowball. The work done yesterday,
the day before yesterday and last year feeds
me this year. That's why I adore it,
do you understand? That is, this is by no
means an awesome question. We haven't forgotten
about it. Those objects that we didn't buy
last year, you know how I look at it? They
are being marinated.
They are waiting. Do you understand? And the
beauty of regions, do you know what it is?
The more rubber you pull, the cheaper you buy.
Unlike Moscow.
This is the first thing. The second thing
is about building. Look, I don't know how
to do it, I don't practice, I'm an ****. This
is the first thing. I can't do anything with
my hands, honestly. But to build, you know,
I will **** the wall with a **** and break
the wall like a **** dog. Well, everyone has
their own talents, this is not mine. This
is the first thing. The second thing, look,
we buy below the cost of construction several times.
And until we get rid of all
that we buy below ourselves, we have already
launched a separate direction in the building academy.
I will explain why I dislike construction,
because I do not know the field of professional competence.
But there is a separate layer and category
of investors who love new things.
Are they ready to pay more for this? Yes.
You know, yes, as practice has shown, yes,
people, well, again, you know what a joke,
yes, here I will give you an example of Samara,
yes, here I am now in Samara, I have a residential
complex here, on the second floor, the office
is located, I live on the 15th, yes, here
I am right now, so that there was an understanding,
I, well, we agreed today about the home atmosphere,
yes, I today, I just took off my shoes, because
my wife bought me new pedals yesterday and
I rubbed my feet while standing, here, in short,
Look, let's talk about this topic. In front
of me is a new residential complex, the first
one costs 300 ,000 per square meter. And the
second one with repairs costs 190 ,000. I understand
that I will buy in the next house 300 ,000
per square meter plus 100 ,000, which is 150
,000 for repairs, this is 450 ,000, or twice
as cheap with repairs.
But for some reason, all the windows are burning
and they are building and repairing apartments,
you know? There is a category of people who
are only for new buildings. There is a category
of investors who are only for the new GAP.
Yes. It's twice as expensive there. So it
is here. There really is a cool direction.
Do you know why it's cool? Because there are
fewer and fewer such objects on the second floor.
We are forced to start, right? Well, the question arises,
yes, to look at land plots and create everything normally.
We are looking, we are looking. We have a direction,
we did it, but we also catch the trend, we
see that there is money there, this is absolutely normal,
right? We resell the information.
Yes, and there, and the ground can be gnawed out,
and there, well, a bunch of options, yes.
You know why I don't like it? I'm a supporter
of the fast money strategy, fast money. Yes,
but this is, again, due to the fact that it
is not the level of free capital that, conditionally,
I would like. Everyone will have some kind
of figure, which then these fast money don't
**** need.
I am a supporter of money today. I am a supporter
of 100 thousand rubles earned today, better
than a million earned next month. That's it.
I have such a story. And that's why there
are big holes. Very big. And what I am broadcasting,
you need to understand that I am broadcasting
from the position of a large pro-deformation.
Thank you. Thank you.
So, let's continue. Look, we have a lot of questions.
I see 20 more new messages with questions below,
so if you have a question, you can answer
it quickly with one suggestion, answer it
with one suggestion. If you need to reveal
a question, don't be shy, reveal it. So, the
next question. How long does it take to collect...
Oh, by the way, this is a question from Denis,
who just talked to us. How long does it take
to collect information on one object?
Depending on the system, I inspect 20
objects a day. I only inspect the napkin.
Only napkin calculation. And I began to filter
why I now accept projects from residents only
for myself. Because people are no longer the same.
Yes, they already understand, but they are
already not doing it, it's cool. I just count
the napkin, napkin calculation, and then I move
in stages. And I understand that at any of
these eight steps, the project will fall off.
This is normal. But I can either pick it up,
and say, bro, look, we have gone through such
a path, but you see, here the building is
in a state of emergency. The offer is 10 million
300 thousand, cool, but unfortunately it is
necessary to invest 20 so that it does not
fall apart. That is, I will use any information
in the process of working out the project
as an object for adequate trading, exactly adequate.
Therefore, the more... I have no task to
work with 100 projects at the moment. I have
a task to review 20 and find one among them.
And take it to work. That's it. That is, everyone
will be different, depending on what system
you build yourself.
It also depends on how well the agent has
prepared the offer. Do you need to pull out
the information with claws? Let's move on.
Julia asked and asked the question, what is
the term of occupancy? Julia, unfortunately,
the context was lost, and if the question
is still relevant, we have not answered it,
rephrase and ask again, we will definitely answer.
Next, Marina asks, can you tell in detail
about how the commission is distributed between
the broker, the agent and the investor?
Colleagues, I'm a supporter. Honestly, you
won't get money patterns from me. I'll explain why.
I'd rather highlight to you that there are
no patterns in our activity. Look, let's
look at the smoke case.
Concretely, yes, initially started from 50,
came to 35, more precisely, lied to you 36
million rubles, yes, look. And in these 36
million for this project, look, 30 costs the object,
5 million is the broker's work, a million
is my work. Do you understand?
And it doesn't mean anything. I'll give you
another case. Look, now in Moscow, residents
are collecting one project. I'm a partner,
a friend. Let's speak as an agent. I offered
an investor. Look, what's the offer in Moscow?
The object costs 140, the broker's work is
50 million.
Well, what the **** is a dog template? And
the economy there is good, good, interesting.
Therefore, colleagues, we have in the ready
-to-rent business project work. There is
a project, there is an economy of the project,
there is a distribution of the economy of
the project between the active persons. There
is no template.
Okay. The next question. Julia asks, how do
you determine what period of profitability
is interesting for the investor? By identifying
and forming. I help the investor identify
his needs and form his needs. This is when
I work as an agent, I identify and form his
needs for a very long time. Do you know why?
Because the person doesn't know what he wants.
Honestly. We don't **** know what we want.
Only my wife knows. She has a wish list of
what she wants to buy. She knows what she wants.
This is my wish list, one line. Wish list
of my wife. You know, you buy all this all
your life. Okay, let's go on. Natalia asks,
is it possible to delegate the collection
of all this information, analysis and so on
by template to the assistant?
Of course, of course, of course. But, you know,
before delegating something, I really like
the model of how Dodo Pizza developed. If
anyone remembers, the franchisees who opened
there had to go to Syktyvkar, where the first
Dodo pizzeria was, and go all the way from
washing floors, rolling out pizzas, and providing
work to waiters.
I like this algorithm because, of course,
you can delegate, but until you know all the
nuances and all the aspects, you can't understand
who to hire and what to demand. Because you
don't know
I will tell you now, there is such a wording,
I took Vladimir Sidorenko, looked up, took,
borrowed, it is called the
key product of activity. What is the product
of activity of a cadastral engineer? Conclusion.
You have to go through all the stages yourself
to understand who to hire and what to demand
from him. That's why we are now, when we are
launching our new operator, by the way, we
are launching a new operator of warehouse
storage systems. It's called... I won't say
what it's called. Although, okay, Egor slipped
through somewhere, except for the academy,
or not?
I don't think so. Maybe I won't tell you on
the air. We're launching our operator. Look,
we bought two objects in Samara. We already
bought 30 objects. You know what I do to thoroughly
understand all aspects and nuances? I myself
talk to the representatives of the management company.
I myself build relationships with them. I myself
now design a boxography, lay out boxes. Do
you understand? Can I not do it and not delegate?
I can, but only after I go through everything myself.
That's it. That's why, Egor, such a detailed answer.
Is it possible to delegate? You can, when
you know what, to whom and what to demand.
Good. Next, Alexander asks, do you include
taxes in monthly expenses for the calculation
of profitability or not?
Of course, it is definitely impossible not
to pay taxes, so I put 13 % of the load everywhere.
I will explain why. Sixth profit, seventh NDS.
I immediately teach all agents, when you offer
me a project, take into account 13 % of the
load from the sale revenues.
from reselling. Why 13? I explain. Because
we are working with those investors who have
already pumped up to a turnover of close to
490 million a year, or are pumping up this year.
Therefore, these are our conditions, this
is our calculation formula. Sixth profit,
seventh NDS. Good. The next question. Radchik asks.
Good evening. Tell me, is it worth buying
a room for a fixed price? No.
I liked Miramistinov's soul. We won't wish
it to the enemy. Fixed price? Here it is,
you know, what analogy would you like to bring?
Such. ****.
Well, you know, it's a spectrum of emotions.
There is anger, denial, acceptance, then
comes the red and white, then comes the fixed price,
then there are the storerooms. This is a joke,
of course, but the fixed price is a rare ****-rentalist.
The **** with him is badly sold, he does not
compensate for anything, he has a disgustingly
built business process at all stages.
In general, if you can not work with a fixed price,
you should not work with a fixed price. **** tenant.
I liked it, as you said, on one of the broadcasts,
it was just open, that after working with
a fixed price, I want to take a myrmecine shower.
Yes, even a myrmecine bath. Next question,
Vasily asks, according to the coin, what percentage
of RTO is normal for them at monthly rent?
They do not give more than 4%, so the norm
is up to 4%.
Good. Pavel Torubarov asked
a question about the correct number or not.
Please, re-ask the question, if this question
is still relevant. Unfortunately, the context
was lost during the presentation, I don't
understand this question. So, let's move on
to the next question. Here we have estimated
the state. I answered
about resource organizations. Well, once again,
tell us what resource organizations interest us.
Well, there are four types of resources. Electricity,
water supply, sewage, and heating. Four types.
How is a monthly rental payment considered?
By past payments, by current payments, or
by payments taking into account indexation,
when we pay and calculate? Look, if we talk
and calculate the MAP from the percent from
the turnover, as I understand it, this is
what interests me, then how do I take it? Look.
I take 12 past months, if they sell me a GAP
that fell, fixed and pays a percentage of
the turnover, I am interested in how much
was the average for the past year. Well, for example,
he traded in January 400, paid in February 450,
blah-blah-blah, in December 600. I add up
all these amounts and divide by 12.
Good. Next question. If there is no password,
or the seller does not give it, what to do?
Call Sergei Burunov, he'll tell you. Order
in BTI, CTI and other technical inventory agencies,
find people, technical passport is there,
it's not a slug from DMB, it's there, somewhere
it's there, you can find it, get it. And often
it's just the owners who are lazy, don't want,
either agents or brokers,
It exists. It can be made if you can't find
it anywhere in the archive. It can be found
in the archives of inventory organizations
in different cities, districts, regions. It
can be a technical inventory office, a technical
inventory center.
Every real estate object has a cadastral number
when it is put on cadastral account. It goes
through the initial inventory procedure. That is,
when it is put on cadastral account, even colleagues,
who did not know, we all have multi-apartment
residential houses.
You know that
your apartment has a cadastral number, and
you know that your house also has a cadastral number.
This is a building. And you can order a receipt
for the house, you will get a parcel for 285 sheets,
and all the premises are indicated there.
In short, there is a technical passport, it
cannot be without it.
Next question. How to make sure that the rescheduling
has been legalized? How to make sure
that the rescheduling has been legalized?
You need to see a document confirming that
the rescheduling has been legalized. What
could it be? It could be a new technical passport
after rescheduling,
It can be a project of rescheduling or reconstruction,
that is, it will be displayed in your document,
either in a new technical passport, or in
a project of rescheduling or reconstruction.
Then Denis asks, how often does it happen
that all four contracts with the RSO are in
place and can something be found in the RSO itself?
Yes, you can come to the resource provider
organization itself, verify, call the number
of the subscriber or the address and request
data and information about payments and so on.
If any processes need to be accelerated, we
will still come to the contract, but this
is possible.
Next question. Who
is preparing the legal conclusion?
Okay. Next, Ilyana asks, do you order a valuation
album before buying the property? Yes, ideally,
another document that we insure ourselves with,
which we did not specify, by the way, is a report
on the valuation of the market value on the
date of purchase of the property.
Why is it done? Or why don't we do it? Let's
do it this way. Because we buy at a cost close
to the market or exceeding the cadastral cost often.
That is, we do not play in the game with a decline,
but if we talk about whether or not we need
a report on the assessment of the real estate object,
it will not be superfluous.
You know, it's like you come to a therapist
and say, I need to drink vitamin D. You're
basically fine, but it won't be superfluous.
You can put ascarbine under your tongue. It
won't be superfluous. It's the same here.
It won't be superfluous.
Okay, next question. How much does a title
insurance cost? To be honest, unfortunately,
our insurance culture is not vaccinated, but
it needs to be vaccinated. We are even doing
repairs in the apartment now. My wife says
for the first time, maybe we'll insure it.
I say, what the **** are you talking about?
And then I understand, in principle, this
is the meaning. Yes. Next question. Are additional
agreements also paid by postage, as with registration?
Any document, of course, well, when you submit,
you pay for the work of the employees, yes,
so it is paid. I will not tell you the size,
Nina will tell you tomorrow, I will pull it out,
but Efera will tell you.
Good. What unlawful changes do you not immediately accept?
Any constructions that carry constructions,
foundations, coverings. So, here's a question
about creditors. This is tomorrow. We have
a broadcast tomorrow. Planned questions regarding
the deal, how to conduct it correctly, we
will answer there. So, how to beat the price
when you found out the design shortcomings?
They'll poke their noses and say, hey, bro,
what's up? That's the first option. The second
option is an argumentative trade. Look, the
art of trading in real estate, do you know
what it's built in? With a full understanding
that real estate is such a thing that is not
sold in the forehead and is not bought in
the forehead. We'll move on to the price later.
We do not talk about the price at all at the
beginning of the journey. But it is clear
only if we do not want to bargain 8 times.
The object costs 100 million, and we want
to bargain at 20. We still do not remove any
parameter of adequacy from our heads. We understand
that we can bargain twice, but there was no
such thing that we bargained 10 times.
But here we need to understand what price
we want to come to. But if we talk about the
trading algorithm, then look, we had eight
steps there. We receive documents, a receipt,
an extended receipt, a technical passport,
four contracts with resource-saving organizations,
a right-setting document.
Passport, SNILS, OGRN, psychonarco-dispensary certificate,
cadastral engineer's exit, cadastral engineer's conclusion,
legal conclusion, technical specialist's exit.
Yes, you understand that in this process we
have already practically baptized each other's children,
the owners of this facility. We already know
what his favorite dog is called and what school
the children go to.
And when he was diagnosed with appendicitis
at what age, we know everything. And only
then we say, well, brother, here's the thing,
look. See what? That's what. Well, that is,
we are at the price, look, colleagues. Have
you ever met someone who posts something on Avito,
yes, they write to you, you sell an object
for 30 million, they write to you, I'll take
it for 15. I see this every two days.
You know what I do when I get bored?
I write, okay, let's go to the deal. I say,
okay, fine. Let's go. I say, okay, but the
deal is tomorrow. Do you take it? I have never
had such a deal in 18 years. Not once. Every
time I answer that, okay, let's go.
Okay. Denis asks, if a site falls into a zoo,
it must be approved by the land user. And
if it's a zoo, for example, 50 years ago,
and that organization has long been gone,
what to do? Oh, I'm honest, I'm in the removal
of zoos, I don't understand. We have guys
there who are walking on the ground with all
sorts of swear words. Academia? Yes, I'm honest,
I don't know my answer. I don't know the answers
to all the questions, honestly. I don't know
about zoos.
Denis asks about that story with the foundation.
Was it possible to remove some of the missing
foundation on the wall and, in principle,
to launch this whole thing into the project?
Well, you know, if you cut off a person's leg,
in principle, then you can cut it.
Yes. You can even do a head surgery and sew
it back to someone. You can. But, as they say,
in one of my favorite films with
Keanu Reeves, John Wick, and the universe
of John Wick, it's so darkly said, the consequences...
But everything, brother, has consequences.
Well, of course, you can. But, you know, we
even had a joke, now I will answer this question seriously.
We bought a building in Samara, a separate
one-story building on a one-and-a-half line.
And we made a deal so quickly that we
scored on the conclusion of those specialists.
And when the price is already something cool,
and people are familiar, and so well in the
bank sat, well, somehow it was not before that.
You know what it turned out in the end? That
we quietly demolished this building at night
and built a new one in its borders, because
it was easier to build a new one than to reconstruct
the old one. You see?
You can do this in the region. You know how
often in the region the issue of electricity
is solved? It was in Samara. Never do this.
It is not an investment recommendation. We
need 45 kilowatts. We
have 15 on paper. But the electrician is such
a man. We say, brother, we need it very much.
The deadlines are burning.
The man is like this, I repeat, he says, look,
15, we erase 1, 4,
45, he says, the cable, he says, Dmitry Fedorovich,
there is a cable, he says, ****, like this,
he can withstand 100 kilowatts.
You need 45, take it. You see? Well, in the
regions it's simpler, colleagues. Well, in
a different way. You see? We then decided.
Well, here's such a man. You see, that's it.
It's a question of why we have to call a disaster.
Also, the squares were reprinted earlier.
Because of such reprinters, you see, we bought translations.
In Samara we made about 200 of these translations.
Denis, you know Samara, right? We had a lot
of these translations there, right? Look.
We buy a classic 45-meter Khrushchev. It's
from 41 to 45-46-2, right? And, you know,
for a license for strong alcohol, you need
a trading hall more than 50. And it's in the documents,
understand, it was 46. But we took it all down,
called such a cadastral engineer, such a man.
We say, bro, you need 50 ,1. Well, here's
your cross. Well, you need it. He says, yes.
The main thing is not to perceive it as an
instruction to action. It's already a heralage,
you know, in this StarSeries was, taught the bad.
Look, well, you understand why you need to call,
because here are such bald magicians in the country,
guess how many, right? And you buy 500 meters,
and there, bro, 400.
Alexander asks, is Winlab a good borrower
or not? Well, they are with red and
white at the same time, they are united there,
at the same time they somehow tortured it.
Good from the point of view, they like to
buy it.
Yes. This is Federal, this is GAP, this is
a relatively low general check, so winlabs
like to buy, so yes. But we don't work with them.
Okay. Next, Julia, you wrote a question, you,
unfortunately, were probably swiped, and you
were found by an auto-vote. Repost the question,
send it if we haven't answered it yet. Pavel asks,
is there a sample of the presentation that
you send to the investor to make a decision?
I showed it on the example of Nadym's message,
this is what I send.
Will you send it to the general chat? Yes.
Send it for now, yes. I'll go further now,
I'll pick up the next question for you while
you send it. So, here we have further ratings,
ratings, ratings. Let's go to the next question
and get to the new ones.
So, Alexander, in one of the rooms of the
new building of MKD, the landlord is Winlab.
The power and electrical cable is powered
directly from the VRU of the house, through
the shield of the neighboring room. There
is Dixie. For the transfer of the cable through
the underground, the house manager asked for
300 ,000. My **** was crushed, and so everything works.
Is it worth paying for this, or is everything
fine so far?
What do IT people say? I don't plan to sell.
Work, don't touch. This is a sacred rule.
Work, don't touch. Like on a brush, don't
get in, it will ****. It's the same here.
Work, don't touch. Alexey asks, do you make
a forecast for the industry and business types?
Who can sit on the facility for a long time?
For example, medical centers, dentistry, fitness
and so on. Product retail.
We work, well, food retail, pharmaceutical networks,
there are alcoholics. But now I'll throw it over.
Look, colleagues, in fact, it's all very simple.
How is it measured here? It is measured by
the number of open trading points. Well, when
the five, understand, works 25 ,000 stores,
yes, but they checked. Well, this business
model is checked 25 ,000 times. When you open
the stomatology of IP Novikov, you know,
But its business model is checked only once.
That is, it is not checked. It is not checked enough.
That's it. So why do we work with federals?
Because the business model is simply protected
by quantity. Next question. If I sell an object
in the status of EP, OSN 6 % to a physical person,
should I **** the check? If I sell...
Listen, honestly, I don't know the question.
You can ask Nina tomorrow, I think. Ask Nina tomorrow,
we'll check it. There's also a question about alimony,
about 25%. Tomorrow is better to take it.
When we have a lawyer on the air. I don't
know about alimony. Nina, maybe, knows. We'll
find out tomorrow. I hope Nina doesn't know
about alimony.
Dmitriy, a question from Marina. Dmitriy,
what to do when the object is not sold and
is not even traded at the price? There is
such a g.no, okay, there is a **** gap, but
the building is new, the magnet sits for a year,
but the map is far from 5 % torto, which means
it will soon fall off. Here, for some reason,
it is not possible to measure the price, for
some reason, because, I repeat, no one even
offers another price, or is it not accepted
in the commercial market?
No, why? Well, look, everything is always sold.
The question is the price of the question.
Always. Yes? Suggest me to buy this magnet
for a million rubles, let's go out for a deal tomorrow.
Well, for a million. I'll buy it for a million.
I will show the money to the camera, I will
show the money to the screen, what they are,
sell it to me for a million. Therefore, here,
probably, it is worth talking about some specific figures.
Well, in response to the question, here you see,
for a million you will buy it yourself, right,
Marina? So there is some price for which they
will definitely buy. And your task is to find
this fair price, a fair price.
Let's figure out what to do if it doesn't sell.
As I always answer, the most proven working
mechanism to insure and burn is not an investment recommendation.
This is a joke. And the second, calmly,
Discuss what's going on. We look at the city,
the district, the region, alternative scenarios.
Look, in fact, this is called an anti-crisis strategy.
What happens if we understand that the magnet
goes down, goes down, or everything, close,
well, that is, its days are numbered. Everything,
he's already there, already, well, conditionally,
there, already, legs refused, hands refused,
everything, already, the breath has become erased.
Everything, okay.
We understand that the property where the
magnet is located can be rented by another tenant,
also from the segment of product retail. It
can be a coin, it can be a coin, it can be
a coin, it can be a coin, it can be a coin,
it can be a coin, it can be a coin, it can
be a coin, it can be a coin, it can be a coin,
be a coin, it
With pleasure. How do you sell? It will be
possible to compensate the magnet for 8...
No, wait. But if you expel it, you
compensate for 8 million. We're not talking...
Or did you seriously take my words about burning?
No. You don't need to burn and compensate
for 8 million. Come on. You can always sell everything.
The question is the price of the question.
If you expel it, the agreement... What does
it mean to compensate? How is it specifically written?
Let's, let's, let's...
And I was answering at the beginning, well,
that is, look, here, when we dance from the object,
we do not work with such meters, but we work
with product retail, again, if it's there
in MKD, who can we have in MKD, in the new building,
the classic genre of pharmacies, the classic
genre of alcohol markets, the classic genre
of bakeries.
All the infrastructure that is already in
other SMEs. How to work with them? Place an
ad on VitaNation, attract agents who work
in this city, in this region. That's it. We
just do not provide such a function. This
is purely a realtor's job. Good. The next
question is from Vitaly. How to get a guarantee
from the orientator when at the stage of the
project you buy a ready-made rental business?
How? What do you expect from the tenant? Well,
let me read it completely. In general, I find
an object that fits the parameters under the
federal tenant. Before buying this project,
the premises are empty at the moment, what
needs to be done, what contracts with the
tenant to conclude, so that there is a higher
probability that he will come in?
The most reliable document, if
you are talking about some kind of legal structure,
is called a future real estate lease agreement,
or abbreviated as DUBN. It is concluded on
an object that is being built. When the network
is being built, the new store is a five, they
are with the owner of this land plot, there
you can, well,
............
The next question is from your aunt Dmitriy.
The risk that competitors may fix the obstacle
to your newly bought Gaba, since you are not local.
As an example, he explains. The store of products
24 at the entrance to SNT, which will simply
close if the five opens nearby. Have there
been cases of conflicts with such stores and
how to deal with them? Do you need to take
into account such a risk?
Yes, and why are you going to fight them?
The networks will still win everyone. They
have already won. Where they did not win,
they will win. Well, therefore, will the products
close 24 hours when the five opens? Yes, it
will close. It's a matter of time. Yes, but
the question is what? How to fight them? Why?
You can, on the contrary, do so to buy this
store from them and put a coin in it, for example.
Here's a tip for you.
Next question. Philip asks, at what stage
should the address of the project of a ready
-made rental business be revealed to the investor?
And how to protect yourself from the possibility
that the investor will not implement the project
without you? Is there such a problem in the market?
Of course, there is. It is solved very simply
by the use of an algorithm called we never
work with assholes. And an **** is not a mockery,
not a cursing, but a set of behavioral characteristics.
How to recognize an ****? First, work with
an ****.
Dmitry asked a question about storage. Tomorrow
we will analyze, Dmitry, we will have separate
slides on storage tomorrow. There will be information.
There is such a problem in this market, so
how to protect yourself, work only with proven investors,
as at the expense of practice. That is, in
order to stop meeting assholes in life, we
must first meet the first ****.
To, so to speak, according to some tactical
-technical characteristics to read. Colleagues,
please, when I say that this **** is not an insult,
read the book under the title Never Work With Assholes.
This is a set of behavioral characteristics.
This is how a person manifests himself in
one situation or another.
I often use the phrase, when I say that I will
not work with you, I honestly and openly say,
when they ask me why, I say, because I do
not work with assholes. In this situation,
you have shown yourself as an **** in my picture
of the world. I do not call you. This is your
behavioral characteristic.
That's how I read it, that's how I perceived it.
That's why answering this question is quite close,
I'll say. Colleagues who ask this question,
this is what happens. How to protect yourself
from working with proven people? How to understand
that a person is proven and to develop a base
of these proven people? How to develop it?
Just work.
Okay. I'll read you a question now, I need
a couple of minutes to interrupt, my wife
is calling. I've sent you a few questions
in person, in Telegram, you can answer them.
I'll be back, we'll continue. Question. If
the tenant leaves, who will pay for the repair
they did? No one will pay. No one will pay,
it's their investment in this object.
So, if the tenant leaves, who pays for the
repair that they did? They don't pay. What points?
They don't pay, because it will be written
right there, yes, that if only on your fault,
on the fault of the owner, if they leave themselves,
no one pays. This is your repair remains.
Gift, bonus, compliment from the institution.
So, let's move on. What contract points can
be sold on the April pharmacy network? Short answer.
None. You can negotiate an indexation once
every 3-5 years for 5-7%. Why is the basement
a ballast in terms of points? Why is the basement
a ballast in terms of points, except for dampness
and heating? And what? Is there not enough
dampness and heating? As if already. Well,
the presence of household communications,
accounting devices,
And yes, those communications that need to
be provided with free access at any time.
The most important thing, the most scary thing
is the word mob, places of common use, common
smoke communications. It is necessary, accordingly,
to design the entire household with a basement
in such a way as to take into account access
to these communications, devices of accounting,
nodes, accounting of heat nodes.
The second is to look at where this basement,
this object came from, because there is a risk
that if this is the city of Moscow,
.......
So, let's go, colleagues, maybe someone wants to...
I'm here, I'm here, let's go, I'll continue
to read the questions. Peter asked the question,
which is better, a separate building or an
apartment building, well, we'll leave the
apartment building for tomorrow, we have this
topic planned for tomorrow. Next question,
is it possible to make the land between two
separate buildings into property in order
to connect them together? Is it possible to
do it between what? Between two separate buildings.
Well, put an NTO there or something else.
In order to what? There is no clarification.
Well, it will not be possible to unite them
in one room. I did not understand the question,
is it possible between two separate buildings,
and then what, Egor? Make, get the land in value,
in ownership, build a building there and connect
them together.
Well, we need to know who owns this land plot,
right? And most importantly, what is it for?
I don't know, we need more... Well, I suppose
that maybe two of them are staying at home,
for example, a multi-apartment, build a one
-story house next to them, connecting them,
and put a coin there, for example. Well, let's
have more entrances. You need to look there,
if you want to connect something, then look
at the land. Whose land?
You are not going to connect it by air, you
will have this connection, it will be on some
kind of land plot, so look at the ground.
In general, if you can buy land there, anything
can be built there, as long as it is approved,
yes, in the form of permissible use, yes.
Further. How is the issue of security of the
warehouse solved? What do clients keep in
the cell?
full overweight of responsibility for the
person who placed something there. This is
not a responsible storage. It's the same as
when you came to the five, put things in this cell.
Remember, before you put bags there, you can't
go in with bags. And even easier. Remember
the wardrobe in the cinema, the wardrobe in,
let's be cultured, for example, in the theater.
What is written there?
Thank you very much.
And it is written there that if you have stolen something,
these are your problems. If you put something
that exploded, this is your responsibility,
you are to blame. If something happened there tomorrow,
this is your fault. Dasha
and Denis are asking about the deal where
the object costs 140 and the broker gets 50
out of it. What kind of project is it? Is
it a repeatable experience or is it just a once
-in-a-lifetime magical deal?
And the third option? I love open questions.
Are you smart or beautiful? And I'm **** smart
and beautiful, and my bald head is shining.
So, look, first of all, this is Moscow. Second,
you need to understand that MAP 2.5 million
is bought for 190 million. This is a federal renter,
and there are a lot of nuances.
Yeah. Yeah.
You bring it right away and say, Dima, here
is such a project, here is the income, come on,
5 million. And everything comes together.
You need to be ready to accept these 5 or
50 million at once. I will ask a question.
How will you accept these money? Everything
suits me, I agree. Will you accept me under
the contract of services with PNIP? If you
tell me with cash, brother, I will say, oh.
What year are you born, brother? So, if without jokes,
then here, providing a service and accepting,
declaring high checks, it is necessary that
the palms do not sweat, the hands do not tremble,
this is the first, and secondly, it is necessary
to be really ready to accept this money tomorrow.
When the investor tells you where to pay,
so that you can set the account.
This is not a one-off story, so to speak.
This is a story, yes. And don't be scared,
it may sound like a cloud number, there are
a million, two, three, five, ten, fifty, yes.
There are objects, there are projects where
this is normal. They don't pay right away,
there are stages of payment, yes. Well, now,
for example, we have there, the Resident Academy
of Lille sells five for 330 million of its own, yes.
Well, my palms don't sweat, my voice doesn't tremble.
It's normal, you know. We're sitting there,
and she says, listen, a wonderful person came
to me. We discussed it, we did everything.
We studied the documents, we clapped our hands.
She says, well, you know why I refused? Because
we agreed on 330, and we already sat down,
ate in a cafe. He calls me tomorrow and says,
well, let's go to the deal, 315. She says,
thank you, it's not beautiful.
He says, I refused. Do you understand? Yes,
and when you understand that there are absolutely
different checks, that is, this is normal,
even that the object costs 5, the reward is 5.
This is also normal. It doesn't matter what
kind of surveillance, distribution, if she
has something to pay for, an adequate, experienced,
competent investor will gladly pay. If she
has something to pay for. Just as practice
has shown, unfortunately, on the second, on
the third question, the agent starts to spill.
And sells either a raw project,
либо проект который вообще невозможно выйти
на сделку завтра или в ближайшее время боль
рынка в том что реализуют сырые
Even some of my guys call them semi-finished products.
I don't like this name. I'll explain why.
Because the more you call a ship, the more
it will float. If you say that I sell semi
-finished products, you will also buy semi
-finished products. As it seems to me, you
can eat semi-finished products, but then
you will probably need to repair the stomach.
The same goes here. I sell high-quality projects.
I sell cool, detailed, super reliable, ready
-made rental businesses with a preliminary
interest from a federal lender, and it sounds
much cooler than a semi-financed property.
The essence can be the same. We have guys,
like Zhenya Barbolin, who... I don't like
the expression, for example, to smoke. He
calls agent's earnings to smoke. Right?
Blin, well, to smoke, a smoker. I have other
associations come to mind. And if then you
say that you have an agent to smoke, well,
then you grow up smokers. And I want to grow
up a network of professional cool agents who
sell cool. They are not smokers. They do not smoke.
They do their job. It's a lot of work.
That is, I mean, Denis, these numbers are
the norm. It is clear that not every transaction
is a commission of 50 million. No, of course.
But it happens. And it's normal. Therefore,
I am not surprised by any numbers. It's the norm.
The next question is about the same case.
Marina asks, who pays for the broker's work?
140 million, who pays 50 million? The cost
of the contract goes separately to the owner,
separately to the broker, or these 50 million
fall into the general piggy bank and then
the broker is paid from the owner? In this case,
it depends on what we sell. There is a project
of a ready-to-rent business, where there
is an estate object, there is a contract with
the federal network, specifically with the
five in Moscow.
And therefore, the object is worth separately,
the work is worth separately. In this case.
It happens, if we sell something. Well, for example,
I will give a specific case of the same Lilia
with the same five. On Tallinn, house 26,
if I remember correctly. What happens there?
Agents come to me and say, Lilia, cool project,
330 million, working price, there is a map
of 3.5 million.
I offer you the following. Let's make a purchase
and sale agreement. We'll spend 390 and you'll
pay me 60. Do you understand? And there
are other inputs. The agent actually asks
the owner. For example, there is no broker.
The owner-object himself acts as a broker.
He is both the owner and the broker. This
is his project.
And then the question arises, here is the
distribution of money, if everything grows,
then the buyer, the new investor pays 390,
all this goes to the account of the owner,
and the owner already, I say, Lil, and you
ask them a question, and how will they receive
money in 60 million rubles? Cash, bitcoins,
tenge, birtenge, how?
That is, if you are ready to accept 60 according
to the agency agreement, you will definitely
not be blocked by the accountant, for example.
Therefore, colleagues, it is different here.
Why do I say that we have project work? There
is a project, there is an economy of the project,
that is, money, which is distributed between
the participants of the project according
to preliminary agreements.
So, Dmitry, do you need a break? No, no, why?
We just need a few questions that I could answer,
I thought maybe you need a pause, I would answer.
Okay, let's go on, we don't have that much left.
The next user, Zoom, asks, can I, after selecting
an investment object, contact you for its
verification and how much it will cost?
We do not provide external services. We work
only with residents of the academy. I will
explain why. Because, look, now I will explain
to you on the example of simple mathematics.
Look, if we simply provided a legal service
in the case with Nadym, we would have earned
100 ,000 rubles. And when I provided it in
a complex with the role of an agent, with
the involvement of financing, I earn a million.
But, excuse me, why should I, providing the
same service, earn ten times less? Therefore,
it is probably our area of growth to build
a system of providing quality legal services.
We have already talked about this, by the way,
Egor. Yes, this is my pain. I can also share
here why we do not sell to the market. It's simple.
Last summer I came to Dmitry and said, I am
the head of the sales department, my task
is to make Dmitry earn more money.
And I came to Dmitry in the summer and said,
there are legal services, this is a great service,
let's sell it. He said no. I came to him in November,
he said no. Last month we came together with
a marketer, he said no. What is the reason?
The reason is the limitation of the resources
that we can provide. We have two lawyers who
work in the GAP niche.
This is Nina Novikova, Dmitry's wife, and
this is Rafik Kocharyan. These are two lawyers
who work in GABA. It is simply impossible
to scale them. At the moment, we are working
only with residents of the Academy. I want
to sell it on the open market for 100, 200,
300 thousand rubles. It will cost this much.
But due to the fact that there are few such specialists,
it is impossible to find them, it is difficult
to train them. Now it is available only for
residents of the Academy.
Therefore, if there is a desire to join the Academy,
then it will be available. Now, unfortunately,
there is no other way. I would be happy to
sell it outside the market, just to make money,
but technically only for residents, perhaps.
Further, well, not technically, in connection
with increasing human resources, we can do
this only within the Academy at the moment,
100%. Further, Julia asks, is there a specific
functionality for the broker and agent?
If the broker throws information to the agent,
the collection of necessary information for
the assessment and so on and so forth. Will
you quickly tell us about the functionality
of the broker-investor agent? Well, look,
here there will be a similar cross
between the broker and the agent.
The main function of an investor, in my opinion,
is to have the skill to make investment decisions.
This skill to form, as well as the skill of driving,
is formed the more often you drive a car,
the better you drive. The more often you make
an investment decision, the better you are
an investor. It is impossible to be a great
investor by making one transaction.
So what is the function here? The key function
of a broker is to coordinate the real estate
object with the federal lender if he is preparing
a project, and the key function, if he is
implementing the already assembled GAP, is
to prepare him for the transaction.
The agent's function is to find the most compromising
solution between the want of the broker or
the seller and the investor's desire. Because
here the interests diverge at this point.
Any adequate investor wants to buy cheaper,
any adequate owner wants to sell more expensive.
We are not friends here. Not once. We are
already fighting here.
That's it. Therefore, the functionality, the
steps of project development are equally suitable
for everyone, a broker, an agent, an investor.
It is equally useful to have these skills
of project development for absolutely all roles.
Because you can be in that role, and in the second,
and in the third. To this day, I perform periodically
in three roles. But honestly, you will have
the coolest efficiency when you are in one role.
Effectiveness will be cooler. If you are a cool agent,
you will be cool to sell. If you are a cool broker,
you will be cool to collect projects, or collect
information about objects. Do you understand?
That is, you can, now an idea came to my mind,
a broker is a collector, a cool professional
collector of information, of tenants, he collects.
Agent sells cool.
The investor makes a cool investment decision.
These are such pronounced roles. Can there
be a broker-agent in one person? Of course,
yes. Can there be a broker-agent-investor
in one person? Of course, yes. That is, these
roles can be very, they are constantly intersecting.
Well, it happens. Let's move on. Peter Ivanov
asked a question about the physical face,
the legal face, the nuances of the design
of objects. Tomorrow we will analyze this question,
tomorrow we will tell you everything about it,
it is already planned. Sergei asks, if Chizhik
closes his store, then the five or the coin
can go to the free area?
The coin, yes, but there were no cases, just
by the technique. The five is very unlikely,
because after all Chizhik is the 400th contour,
and the five has a working contour of 500-600.
We did not have cases of entry of the five
after Chizhik, we did not have cases of entry
of the coin after Chizhik, but we had cases
of entry of Chizhik after the five.
Good. And the next question, Pavel asks. There
was a question about the correct number of
RTO in the report. How to understand that
the number is correct, and not taken from
the head or inserted into the report? Well,
after all, the papers of the network are not faked,
so we look at the papers, check them, but again,
friends, acquaintances through the handshakes,
which are there on the product turnover. Well,
here they are, the papers with the prints.
Yes, but after all, the fake of documents
is a criminal act, a criminal article.
That's why they don't fake the documents.
Sergey asks, in the presentation, did we confuse
the technical passport and the technical plan?
Sergey, I understand what you mean. Yes, it
is clear that the technical plan and the technical passport.
I just wanted to show that the technical passport
is always there. It always is. It cannot not exist.
It is. Yes, yes, yes. The technical plan and
the technical passport. I understand.
My, your, understand. So, this is just to
the question about building between buildings,
apparently, a room, a panel house, an entrance,
a porch with a plastic door, a balcony above.
Under the balcony, two supports for amplification,
two round pipes, diameter 100. It's scary already.
On the left and right windows
of other rooms, commercial windows, banners,
closed tenants. The question is how the sign
will be agreed, and it will be where to
hang it, only on the balcony, or under the balcony,
between the bottom of the balcony.
Asus Rock, please, let's chat. The person
is tired, okay. Chat, send this question with photos,
please. It's very difficult. I don't understand.
As I understand it, there are some beams,
a balcony, and where to hang a sign, it's
not clear. Well, please send the information
in the chat. It's very interesting, but I don't
understand it. We'll see, we'll try to answer
in the chat after the broadcast. So, please
tell us about your school, Julia asks.
School number 77. It's about the Academy.
SOS of the city of Samara. About the Academy
in a nutshell. Tell us and let's go on. Well,
about the Academy in a nutshell. Look, what
did we create for? We started our project
Academy of Ready-to-Earn Business in May 2023.
We will have three years this year. We solved
our business task. We had a deficit of brokers.
Brokers are people who create.
I think that we have successfully solved this
task in three years. We have another task now.
Inside our business club there are objects,
there are GAP projects, and now we have a deficit
of cool agents. Sergey Morozov is sitting there.
Sergey, hello again. He is now the head, the leader.
Let me turn on the microphone.
He led the direction of the agency of the
ready-made rental business. Or a dozen, or
a direction. We will unite cool agents around us,
who will sell first GABs and projects of GABs
and residents, and then we will also deploy
this service to the external market. Yes,
Sergey? Yes, that's right. Hello everyone,
friends. Therefore, if someone likes to sell,
just like us, we are waiting for you.
Мы же вам сейчас, коллеги, три часа, мы вам
даем пользу, но мы вам и продаем, понимаете,
и продаем информацию о том, что есть крутая академия,
вы можете купить продукт, да, там, на членство,
резиденство в академии, вы можете быть агентом.
We, well, look, I think sincerely that there
are no non-selling speeches. And when on
some kind of confession the speaker says that
I will not sell you anything, I want to say,
why are you lying, ****? Well, what are you
doing then if you do not sell anything? What
are you out of your mind? Ego to scratch?
Well, let's go scratch you. Therefore, colleagues,
one way or another, the sale should be.
Well, that is, the meaning, well, our whole
life is a solid sale, roughly speaking, right?
Well, even if we agree on what kind of movie
we will go to, we sell the idea that this
movie needs to be watched. That's why, colleagues,
yes, we have now, in short, I promised about
the Academy, yes, look, we have a lot of interesting
things inside, right? I like to develop our community,
because we really grow up as cool people,
and we have one simple metric. Together we
earn more than we lose. That's it.
And we, unfortunately or fortunately, have
only one indicator. I ask the guys, have you
earned more in the past year than in the past?
If you have earned more, then we are moving correctly.
If the same or less, then the **** is full.
Because, colleagues, in my opinion, if you
do not earn more from year to year, you are
getting poorer.
If you earned 10 million in
2024 and 10 million in 2025, you have become poorer.
You have become poorer. Therefore, the task
is simply to earn more year after year. Why?
Because everything is expensive. I just went
crazy here.
When I found out how much Ryazhenka or
milk costs in the store, I was in shock. When
I drove with my daughter on public transport,
and I remember that I was driving on the 13th
tram in Samara, and my ride cost 6 rubles,
I was in shock.
Either I'm old, or the inflation is such,
or I'm old, and the inflation is such. Therefore,
colleagues, we have very simple, Egor, in
a few words about the Academy. A community
of people who earn on a ready-made rental business,
grow their capital, create passive income,
as the desire of any adequate person to create
something that generates on the passive. And
in the process we enjoy life. That's all.
Sergey is a resident of the Academy of Ready
-to-Earn Business, a new mentor to dozens
of our specific agents for ready-to-earn
business sales. Sergey, do you want to share something,
say something to the participants of the practice?
Yes, I can, of course. Yes, come on. Come on,
come on, Sergey.
Unplanned. Come on. Improvisation. Improvisation,
yes, really. Guys, what I want to say, I can
say that inside the community itself is a very
cool environment. The environment is not planned
to go to shish kebab and do something together.
Maybe it's like that, but it's secondary.
There are a lot of people who complement each other,
do very cool collaborations, earn money together,
make objects together, collaborate, joint projects.
This is constantly happening.
Therefore, if there is a desire to move in
the direction of commercial real estate, specifically GABA,
to create and sell a ready-made business,
I believe that today it is the coolest community
of all that exists in Russia. Because, first
of all, Dmitry Novikov already has 18 years
of experience in the field of commerce.
I created projects, I don't know, I'm even
afraid to call the number, but there are a lot
of them. I counted 546 five. Only one five,
Dima, so there was another five, right? That's
why I love it. Yes, that's why I didn't find
a person with more competencies. I searched
for a very long time, so I joined as soon
as I understood everything, learned, and with
great pleasure found the Academy. Therefore,
guys, if someone really wants to achieve some competencies,
Welcome. We'll be glad. Thank you.
But something tells me that I have the deepest conviction,
since I myself am from the region, and my
friends are also from the region, there is
such an extensive sphere of communication.
I am sincerely convinced that a cool level
of life in any region of Russia starts with
a stable million rubles a month. To my taste,
to my color, to my experience. This is a very
cool level of life.
Very cool. Therefore, I sincerely wish those
who have not yet reached this figure, just think,
somehow try on yourself this way of life.
Honestly, it allows, in my opinion, life in
the region, right in the regions to enjoy.
Right here to enjoy.
That's why I have such an offer. This is a delicious
offer from which it is **** or unreasonable
to refuse. I am convinced that in the sphere
of a ready-to-rent business, it is possible
to reach this level of income within a year.
No two months and you are on a white Mercedes.
This is not here. This is about a sub-rent
of a thousand a year, for example. This is there.
So, before we move on, I have a question for Sergey.
I'm curious. I know that several residents
bought tickets for the internship. You, for example,
bought it. Ruslan Avdeev bought a ticket for
the internship. Angel bought a ticket for
the internship. Why? All the information that
we give here is on a plate in the academy.
And I posted a link on the air today. And why?
Why do the guys from the academy? Look, it's
very simple. Merchant's goal. To make money? Yes.
No, no, look, so that the guys see the
mechanics and, for example, when Seryoga comes here,
he has in the chat, excuse me, 85 future international partners,
some of them will be residents, some of them
will not. And these are partners with whom
you can throw in the chat some delicious project,
say, brothers, I sell the project, commission,
a million, who will bring the buyer, we cut PNP.
Okay. You know, honestly, before the broadcast,
I wanted to tell the guys to make a return
to the Academy residents. Who bought the tickets
for the internship. I'll tell you more. I delete
all the residents who come to the Academy
from the channel, which is big in the cart.
Right? That's it. Stop. Okay.
Let's move on to the next question. I have
something to add. Last time, when I was doing
this practice, I just didn't have time to
book a ticket and go in. I was also interested
from the agent's side, since my role will
be an agent, but I generally like to sell,
and the practice is dedicated to the agent's network.
I went to listen to it again. It happened
spontaneously today. I decided to come in.
Because there is not much information. I'm
getting more and more. So I'm happy to be here.
Okay, I'm glad you connected. Okay, well,
let's go on with the questions.
I have at home, since we are now in the process
of such a move, I have a package in
my office with some kind of cool alcohol.
I just, colleagues, I don't drink strong alcohol.
I don't know how. I don't practice. But, look,
let's do it this way. Who thinks about alcohol?
What is it? Old Pulteney, is it a good thing?
Who's the baller, colleagues? Write in the
comments who's the baller. I'll explain why.
Sergey will go. Colleagues,
look, we have one of the residents, Lena Kozlova.
She is the daughter of the founder of the
Fonogoria trading house. A compliment came
to me from her, some kind of thing, Fonogoria,
some kind of exclusive.
Colleagues, who makes fun of Fonagoria? Who
makes fun of Cognac? Who makes fun of Cognac?
Colleagues. Write, will it be okay? Is it
okay or better not to drink? Or like, for BS,
very good. Egor, I propose to us with you,
so, let's, this, now I'll remember, this is
from Lena, this is right here, you need to
drink to understand, this is right here, a person
who is right respected and valued.
So, let's go with you, Egor. Well, okay, we
won't go further. Oh, wait, wait. They just
give it to me, and I don't drink it, and it's
**** to refuse. So, what is this? ****. Who
drinks ****? Is it ****? Is it ****? So.
Egor? I don't know, I don't understand. I drink beer.
Beer and tea. In short, here is such a thing,
choose three best questions and we are there...
Oh, ****, the SDEC does not send us alcohol,
right? Who will send us alcohol? I don't know.
So. Will Walgreens send it? Or Ozone? So,
in short.
Let's do it this way. I think we'll ask your assistant,
and he'll find a way to send it. Okay, three
best questions. You'll distribute them yourself.
Okay. Ask questions. Roma is fire. Roma
is fire. In short, Roma, something there,
old, now I'll read it, I don't remember. Old Pulteney.
Twelve years old.
My English is great. Okay. In short, Egor,
let's smash it, brother. Don't get mad, right?
Well, just good people gave a good thing in
the role. Well, why should the good disappear?
It gets stronger every year, so let's go,
Egor. We'll have such a nature exchange. There
are still 18 new messages after that. I'm scared.
Ok, let's confirm. I will write down the questions.
You also said that you liked the questions.
We will write them down. And after the practice
is over, we will play in the chat. We will
select the questions that we like, random
generator of numbers, and we will determine
three people, the winners, and send them to
have a good evening.
Well, Lev Samaru, come to me, and I'll give
you a gift. Let's go to the bathhouse. Okay,
let's go. We still have a few questions left.
Did I understand correctly that the percentage
of rewards between the broker and the agent
is distributed according to the agreement,
according to the percentage of the contribution,
the participation of each of them? Yes, look,
we have an economy in each project, there
is an economy distribution, there are preliminary
agreements on the distribution of this economy.
Let's look at the example of Nadym. Look,
how was it? Initially, Dima, the object costs
50 million.
I agreed with the owner for 40, my work is 10.
You put on top what you want. The first offer
from the broker to me as an agent. Further,
in the process, we came to 30 objects, 5 brokers,
1 million, me as an agent.
That's how we agreed. Would it be possible
to agree, for example, yes, conditionally,
33 plus 3 or 35 plus 5? I answer, yes,
it would be possible. But since we have Vyacheslav
from the Resident Academy, he is still there
on the premium rate, I, roughly speaking,
could take a reward of 5 million here, I took
a million. Why? I'll highlight and share a little bit.
Because now, as an experienced agent, I created
such conditions for the investor, I bought
his loyalty for the rest of his life. Do you understand?
With one deal. I gave it to him.
I will show, I will present, I will justify,
he has already assessed it, and I will earn
much more with him in the horizon for a year,
two, three, five, ten, than I could earn 4-5
million on this deal. I will earn 50 with him,
you know, but not for one deal.
That's it. This is the manifestation of the
strategy that real estate is a game for a long time.
Real estate is a game for a long time. Real
estate is the answer to the question, do you
want to become rich quickly or forever?
Do you understand? This is about this. This
is about trading not in the forehead. This
is about sales. I sell for 30, I take my brother
for 15. This is not about this. No. This is
about such actions. This is my pain. I'm tired
of this. Okay. Denis Vorolov asks. Dmitry,
you said that the number of rooms in regions
under GABA is getting smaller and smaller.
Our market is shrinking. I'm just interested
in the prospects of this direction.
Look, I'll answer your question with the numbers
of federal lenders.
With our help, without our help, with God's help,
with the help of **** Almighty, Allah Almighty
and so on, the five will open plus or minus
1 ,800 stores this year. The coin has crossed
the 4 ,000th line. The coin is a group of
Lenta companies. The group of Lenta companies
is Severstal. Severstal is Mordashov. Mordashov
is a trillion of free money.
which you have to spend on the country. If
I'm short, I'm exaggerating, but this is to highlight.
And the coin wants to measure itself with
the five. And the coin says, oh, you five,
I'm a coin, I'll tear you apart, I'll open
more than you have.
понимаете то есть всем этим товарищем давайте
апрель открыли 10 тысяч аптек а планируют
к тридцатому году открыть 30 и у этих собака
ребят получится
They are so unprincipled. Do you know the
record deal with April? They signed it for
100 years. 100 years of relatives, can you imagine?
For 100 years they signed the lease agreement.
Can you imagine? It was 2126.
April in Nizhnyakamsk still paid 50 ,000 rubles.
He is without taxation, right?
Yes, yes, do you understand? Well, we
are starting from the budget of federal tenants,
from their plans. And the plans tell us that
for the next decade we will have enough colleagues
to work with you.
Plus, you see, there's a transformation of retail,
right? There are such bastards as Samokat,
opochki, yes, shoes in slippers, opo, opened,
well, yes, they are already there in delivery,
tore everyone in the delivery segment there
15-30 minutes, yes, yes, they are banned
on the first floors of MKD, yes, gabs with
Samokat are poorly sold, yes, yes, yes, yes,
yes, yes, but...
And they so devoured the revenue of the food retail,
the top five grabbed their heads and said,
wow, according to the results of the 25th year,
they did not expect such a fall in revenue,
but it doesn't matter where, in millionaires.
Do you understand? Because in the village
of the city type Borovoi, between Ukhtoy and Syktyvkar,
the word delivery is offensive, just like ****.
Do you understand? There, for the word,
I don't know, frappuccino on almond, they
will give you a second. Do you understand?
Well, that's how they try. That's why, if
without jokes and without humor, how good
are the regions?
By the fact that in the provisional Borovoi,
provisional Tuymazes of the Permian region,
Tuymazes is the Republic of Bashkortostan,
I'm sorry, Bereznikit, I had the Permian region,
the presence of delivery there has nothing
to do with anything. And it will not affect
the next five or ten years, because you know why?
Because there is no delivery.
And it won't. It's not economically feasible
to keep it there. That's it. That's why we,
as cool agents, as cool brokers, as cool investors,
just have to know the conjuncture of the regional
market and the specifics of the regions. That's it.
Why do I love regions? I'll show you the case now.
Recently, why am I now with sweating palms
running for a coin? The guys bought a store
in the settlement for 2.5 million rubles.
Do you know what map? 160 thousand.
Well, yes, the Muscovites, with the word 160 ,000,
will probably think, well, in principle, dinner
in Moscow City is normal. No, these are guys
who are familiar with the map. In short, I will
not open the map yet, but think about it.
Two and a half, 160 ,000. I even agree with 100.
Do you understand? How good are villages and villages?
The next question is from Dmitry Naumov. Dmitry,
describe, please, what kind of agent should
be able to pay a good reward? Well, first
of all, he should be bald. Second, he should
be middle-aged. Let's talk about professional qualities.
Yes. Look, what kind of cool agent should
be able to pay a good reward?
Blin, I can't help but share the case. I'm
ready to shave Tatyana's head. Girls with
such a hairstyle, it's like for a rare lover.
Tatyana, don't hurry. Don't. You don't need
a sister like that. You don't need such a car.
In short.
One of the residents of the academy came to
the project, it didn't work out, they came out,
and he says to me, Dima says, listen, I want
to thank you for the time spent, and he says,
I'm in other projects, we'll go there now,
you won't mind that you have this million,
I'll pay from another project.
Do you understand? I say, why should
I be against it? Do you understand? This
is because when you build such a long
-term partnership, believe me, such a cool,
high-quality, honest partnership will feed
and delight you for many years.
What are the qualities? Look, the main quality
is the absence of any kind
of ****. Do you know why I like to work
with agents who are so young, up to 20 years old?
They are not **** at all. You tell them to
collect a package of documents. They just collect.
but an experienced, respected realtor, who
is known in the whole city. When you say,
my friend, the contract is not being read,
we can't read it, it's all over the place.
Well, that is, we did not learn for 18 years
to ****, unfortunately, on documents. Heat
them over a candle, yes, and read. Here, we say,
you can, well, normally scan. What does he do?
He collects these unread files in pdf and ****.
I say, friend.
You have experience. You have a lot of experience,
right? You are 25 years old. Well, **** your mother.
Well, documents are not read, even if you
put them in a PDF, unreadable. Brother, well,
can you ask the owners to take a picture?
And he says, well, there are elderly.
And that's basically it, you see? That's why
a cool agent is the one who doesn't tell me
adequate requirement that I need the PZU.
You see? The one who just follows the algorithm,
the eight steps we talked about, and that's it.
These people are cool agents. That's it, you see?
And experienced realtors, I'm afraid of experienced realtors,
to be honest. I'm really afraid. Especially,
you know, if it's those who enter, for example,
the Russian guild of realtors, who go to all
the conferences of the guild of realtors.
I was just in my youth at the retreat sessions
of the guild of realtors, and you know why
I went out and led the company, we were members
of the honorary RGR, they brought in some money.
I understood, how is it called, the requirements.
In order to be an honorary member
I don't like heaters.
The repertoire is not mine, I don't drink ****.
I realized that I'm by all fronts, in short,
by. You see? That's it. I intentionally somewhere
strongly twist the paint, but to the memory
hit brighter. Therefore, the coolest agent
is the one who realizes what goods he sells
and what service he provides.
We work in the market of financial products.
We sell money flows. We trade information.
We will hire realtors for work. Because
the marginality of our product allows us to
hire cool specialists for work within the
framework of the project.
Now a series of questions, I will answer them
myself in the form of blitz, while you breathe.
Further, what are the conditions to become
a resident of the Academy? Dmitry asked, how
to join the Academy of ready-to-work business?
Dmitry, everything is simple, write to me personally,
Egor Patlusov, I am in the Academy, one of
the last messages is in the chat of the practice,
one of the last messages is mine, write to me,
I ask you to call, he will tell you everything.
Then the next question was also about the academy,
how it happens in practice. I became a member
of the academy, I bring objects, then we select tenants.
There was also a question whether we train
brokers and agents. The answer is yes, we
train brokers, including agents and investors.
Initially, the academy was created as a school,
as an online school. Now we are already an ecosystem,
even the business club definition has overgrown.
But initially we were just a school of brokers
to work all over Russia. Therefore, whether
we teach brokers and agents, yes, we teach.
How to become a resident of the Academy? Write
to me in person. Then there was a question
about how work happens inside the Academy.
Here, too, in two words I will not tell. Write
to me in person. It depends on what goals
and tasks you have. Depending on this, things
can change and how work with you will happen inside.
Also, Egor Patlusov in person in the chat,
in practice, find me, write, we will answer.
So, next, Dmitry, now I have a question for you.
How much does an agent in the academy earn?
Oh, look, about money, honestly, I asked a question.
One such, you know, cut, there voted probably
100 people, right, Egor? Honestly, why am
I honest, why am I upset? Because, not to
lie to you, 30 or 40 percent still earn less
than a million. Honestly.
But I realized that I asked the wrong question.
As a math teacher, the source of origin, the
reliability of numbers and the same method
of calculating them are important to me. I didn't
ask how long you've been studying, how long
you've been studying, how long you've been
in the academy. Let's put it this way. What
do I believe in and what do I observe?
People who have been in our environment for
more than a year, yes, probably I will not
lie if I say that, well, ****, well,
probably not half, but probably 40 % of such
people came out to be one plus, honestly.
That is, it is not 100%. And it's not a year,
it's more.
Yes, this will be an honest metric. And what
I want, to be honest, I want us to have only
those people who have reached this level.
And somewhere here, you know, like, again,
in the film 300 Spartans, remember, I just
love films, and some of them hit me in the memory,
and where this dude, beautiful, pumped up,
like Gerard Butler, if memory does not change,
such a pin, and such in the abyss, this is Sparta.
And remember, in Sparta, the most ****, powerless,
not earning a million rubles a month were
thrown off the rocks.
So, honestly, I want to have such an environment.
Okay, next. Dmitry writes, is it not time
to name the operator of the warehouse? The
answer is no, it's not time. Marina writes
in response. Okay, we'll tell you later. Who's
asking there? Let's give this question. Marina
answers that it's a mega warehouse, and Dmitry
writes that it's Maxim Povtarev. No, it's
not a mega warehouse and not Maxim Povtarev.
We've already opened a mega warehouse, there
are 50 objects a year. Cool, good guys. Marina asks,
will we see my super GAP today, which is not
even traded, or another time?
Marina, today we are 3.40, they won't let
me go home. And I still have to go, my mazoli
are rubbed. Anna asks, under what conditions
do you work with an investor, can you collect
GAP under a certain budget and resell it for
a share of the profit?
Well, I'll explain to you, colleagues, why.
Look, because as practice has shown, I will
now tell you as a professional agent and as
a professional broker. I will tell you that
nothing strengthens our relationship with
you as a prepayment. Nothing makes us
closer and closer than prepayment.
Honestly. So for me, the system and
the funnel are very simple. Yesterday, Egor
talked to the guys whom Dima Dichenko recommended,
Oleg and his brother Alexander. Well, there
are stories, stories, stories. Yes, I remember,
I remember. I talked to them, we talked for
an hour, he said, I have money from there,
from there, from there, blah, blah, blah,
there will be 150 million.
And so I told him everything, and in the end
he said, well, we can work with you anyway,
why don't we enter the academy? And I realized
that it was me who was wrong, as the professional
agent himself said. It was me who did not
build the dialogue so that this question did
not arise. It's not him, the fool, and his
skis don't work. It's me who worked wrong.
That's it. Therefore, if you have 150 million,
for an hour you clearly understand that I can
help you.
I work in
the form of prepayment through residency.
Why so? The strategy has been developed in
three years, plus there are people with whom
it will be super useful to get acquainted
in solving your task.
And here, again, they asked a question about
how agents, how the story is built, how the
interaction is. Let's turn on the logic again.
What does the investor need? The investor
needs a project with an interesting occupancy
Как стать интересным для любого инвестора?
Обладать объектами с интересной окупаемостью.
Говорить на одном языке. Все. Где можно взять?
Вариант номер А. Создать. Можно. У нас для
этого академия, там люди создают. Вариант Б.
Сработать как агент. Взять созданное и продать.
Все. И там, и там большая работа.
That's why, you know, I very often say some
things out loud every day to synchronize with reality.
And the reality is this. I tell you, there
is no magic here. You can do such results,
well, yes, in a year. Is it possible within
a year? Yes, it is possible.
So, look, guys, that's all we have. We got
to the end of the chat. We answered all the questions.
We give just one more minute to write more questions,
if there are any left. And I'm surprised if
I suddenly missed some question. The human
factor is here, I'm sorry. Just duplicate
the questions, send them, we will answer them.
If there are no questions within a minute,
then that's it, we are free, you can go rest.
And tomorrow until 16.00 we say goodbye to you.
Tomorrow we have a continuation of the broadcast
and even more useful information.
Tatiana writes, Dmitry, Egor, colleagues,
thank you for the broadcast, huge value, great presentation,
thank you. Thank you, Tatiana. Dmitry writes,
excellent broadcast, insanely useful, thank you,
Dmitry, thank you for the questions, I remember them,
I liked them. Ekaterina Natalia writes, thank you,
thank you. Maxim writes, thank you, presentation,
super info, benefit, super, excellent, glad
that you were pleased.
Let's ask for a rating. Rate our work on a scale
of 1 to 10, where 10 handsome guys would definitely
go to the sauna with you, and 1, of course, you.
So-so, guys. 1 million, 10, 10, 10. 10 and
in the bathhouse. In the bathhouse there will
be an opportunity to go, stay in touch. By
the way... No, don't tell, don't tell. Listen,
guys, first of all, thank you, it's very nice.
The Academy team gave me, Andryukha, with
respect and respect, this hat, in short, for
the bathhouse. So awesome, I tested it. I haven't
tested this kilt yet.
But the hat is just a bomb. I was here on
the weekend in a place called Pirog and Podushka.
Google it and see. It's an insanely cool place.
It's just two brick houses in a village. But
they're so well designed. And I'm there with
Uncle Sasha, and you come to visit. You come
to visit. They cook from the products they
grow there. Uncle Sasha boils a bath.
I threw up two pieces of firewood, they are raw,
and he says, yes, Dima, yes, what the ****,
he says, I myself will drown everything there.
Well, in short, so awesome, and I took the
hat that they gave. Such a hat, I, in short,
in it even, I'm bald, you probably noticed,
I even, in short, now I walk in it like this.
Here, in short, I'm about what, I love the bathhouse,
here, and I even learned to be a pairmaster.
In Samara there is a champion of Russia 2019
by a pair of skills, Dima Berezhnov. I learned
from him. Come to Samara, it's called Banya
without puns. Just the best in this galaxy.
Free advertising integration.
So, well, colleagues, thank you all, I was excited,
Sergey, Egor, Andrey, Denis, colleagues who asked,
Tatiana, thank you all, Papa Siberia. That's it,
we'll continue tomorrow, let's put questions,
objects, projects, we'll sort out specific cases,
we have, in short, let's do this at home,
I understood, you know, how I'm excited, I'm
excited when I'm with you like this, well,
somehow in my own way, in my brotherly, in
a simple way, that's it, tomorrow I'll bring
a hat, which the guys gave me from the bathhouse,
for the bathhouse.
All right, have a good evening. See you tomorrow.
Bye. Bye-bye.
Yes, yes, yes. We need to end the broadcast.
And this recording, pause, or just end it,
right? Just end it, yes, the pause should
also end. Okay, well, I'll wait then.